Eviction Notice

An Eviction Notice, also known as a Notice to Quit, is a document sent by a Landlord to a Tenant to inform them of a violation or termination of the lease agreement and to start the process of removing a Tenant from the property. This process can be very technical and varies from state to state. However, this eviction process generally begins with the Landlord providing the Tenant with a written Eviction Notice. Acceptable reasons to evict a tenant range from issues such as nonpayment of rent, violation of the lease terms, engaging in illegal activities on the premises, ending a month to month lease, or a Tenant staying on the premises after the lease has been terminated. The Eviction Notice serves to make the Tenant aware that they have not complied with the terms of the lease or are otherwise subject to being evicted and gives the Tenant a deadline by which they must either correct the issue or make arrangements to leave the property. If the Tenant does not cure the violation or leave the property, the Landlord can proceed with further legal action to reclaim the property according to the process dictated by relevant state law.


How to use this document

Use this document to inform a Tenant that they have violated their lease or their lease agreement is otherwise being terminated prior to the Landlord filing an eviction action in court. This Notice includes important facts about the property and lease agreement, including the parties to the lease, address of the rental property, the date the Tenant entered into the lease agreement, a description of the reason why the Tenant is being evicted, and, if applicable, instructions about how the Tenant can cure the lease violation and the deadline by which they must take action to cure their violation and come in compliance with the lease.

Once the Landlord has completed the Eviction Notice, it is generally accepted practice for them to sign and date it and make arrangements to provide the Tenant with the Notice, being sure to keep a copy of the Notice for their own files in case of future legal action. Generally, an Eviction Notice is sent by certified mail or delivered in person, so as to create a record that the letter was sent and received by the Tenant. This record may be useful in case of future legal action, such as filing for eviction in court. All states require that a Tenant receive an eviction notice informing them of their eviction prior to the Landlord filing in court, so this record is essential to successfully completing the eviction process.


Applicable law

As with all landlord/tenant law, the laws that dictate an Eviction Notice and the eviction procedure are highly state specific. Depending on the state, the Landlord is limited to a particular list of acceptable reasons to evict a Tenant. Further, depending on both the state and the reason for the eviction, Tenants have varying amounts of time to either cure the violation or make arrangements to leave the property prior to the Landlord instituting an eviction action in court. In states that have rent control laws, the process is further complicated if the property in question is rent controlled. To ensure that the Landlord is complying with state and local laws in beginning the eviction process, Landlords can get more information from their state or city housing bureau, municipal court, or local landlord or tenants union. This document is customized to reflect the laws of each state, depending on the state the user selects.

How to modify the template

You fill out a form. The document is created before your eyes as you respond to the questions.

At the end, you receive it in Word and PDF formats for free. You can modify it and reuse it.

A landlord can't begin an eviction lawsuit without first legally terminating the tenancy. This means giving the tenant written notice, as specified in the state's termination statute. If the tenant doesn't move (or reform—for example, by paying the rent or finding a new home for the dog), you can then file a lawsuit to evict. (Technically, this is called an unlawful detainer, or UD, lawsuit.)
Related Products

State laws set out detailed requirements to end a tenancy. Different types of termination notices are required for different types of situations, and each state has its own procedures as to how termination notices and eviction papers must be written and delivered ("served").
When You Can Send Tenant a Notice for Termination With Cause

Although terminology varies somewhat from state to state, there are basically three types of termination notices for tenancies that landlords terminate due to tenant misbehavior:

    Pay Rent or Quit Notices, which landlords typically use when the tenant has not paid the rent. They give the tenant a few days (three to five in most states) to pay the rent or move out ("quit").
    Cure or Quit Notices, which landlords typically give after a tenant violates a term or condition of the lease or rental agreement, such as a no-pets clause or the requirement to refrain from making excessive noise. Usually, the tenant has a set amount of time in which to correct, or "cure," the violation. A tenant who fails to do so must move or face the possibility of an eviction lawsuit.
    Unconditional Quit Notices, which are the harshest of all. These order the tenant to vacate the premises with no chance to pay the rent or correct a lease or rental agreement violation. In most states, unconditional quit notices are allowed only when the tenant has:
        repeatedly violated a significant lease or rental agreement clause
        been late with the rent on more than one occasion
        seriously damaged the premises, or
        engaged in serious illegal activity, such as drug dealing on the premises.

However, in some states, landlords are not required to give the tenant time in which to pay the overdue rent or fix a lease violation. In these states, landlords may use Unconditional Quit Notices for transgressions that would require Pay or Quit Notices or Cure or Quit Notices in other, more tenant-friendly states. In these states, landlords may extend second chances if they wish, but no law requires them to do so.

Even after receiving notice, some tenants won't leave or fix the lease or rental agreement violation. If you still want the tenant to leave, you must begin an unlawful detainer lawsuit. This involves properly serving the tenant with a summons and complaint for eviction.
When You Can Send Tenant a Notice for Termination Without Cause

Landlords may usually use a 30-Day or 60-Day Notice to Vacate to end a month-to-month tenancy when the tenant has not done anything wrong. Many rent control cities, however, do not allow this; they require the landlord to prove a legally recognized reason for eviction ("just cause") of the tenants.

When the tenant has a fixed-term lease, landlords typically cannot terminate the lease without just cause.
Defenses to Eviction the Tenant Might Raise

If the tenant decides to mount a defense, it may add weeks—even months—to the eviction process. A tenant can point to mistakes in the notice or the eviction complaint, or improper service (delivery) of either, in an attempt to delay or dismiss the case.

The way that you have conducted business with the tenant may also affect the outcome: If your rental unit is uninhabitable or the tenant thinks you are retaliating for things like repair requests, this may excuse or shift attention away from the tenant's wrongdoing and diminish your chances of victory.
Removal of the Tenant After Winning Unlawful Detainer Suit

If you win the unlawful detainer lawsuit, you will get a judgment for possession of the property and/or for unpaid rent. But you can't just move the tenant and the tenant's possessions out onto the sidewalk—trying to remove a tenant yourself can cause a lot of trouble. (For more information, see Don't Lock Out or Freeze Out a Tenant—It's Illegal.)
Be Careful When Removing Tenants' Abandoned Property

A few states allow landlords to freely dispose of property a tenant leaves behind after moving out. Even in these states, this is legal only if it is quite clear that the tenant has left permanently, intending to turn the place over to the owner. In many states, landlords must follow storage and notification procedures.

Typically, you must give the court judgment to a local law enforcement officer (sheriff or marshal), along with a fee that is charged to the tenant as part of your costs to bring suit. The sheriff or marshal gives the tenant a notice that the officer will be back within a number of days to physically remove the tenant if the tenant isn't gone by then.
Rationale for the Rules About Evicting a Tenant

Landlords often chafe at the detailed rules that they must follow. There is a reason, however, why most states insist on strict compliance. First of all, an eviction case is, relatively speaking, a fast legal procedure. (How many other civil cases are over and done with after a few weeks?) The price to pay for this streamlined treatment is unwavering adherence to the rules.

Second, what's at stake here—a tenant's home—is arguably more important than a civil case concerning money or business. Consequently, legislators have been extra careful to see that tenants get adequate notice and an opportunity to respond.
For More Help in Evicting a Tenant

Unless you thoroughly know your legal rights and duties before evicting a tenant, and unless you dot every "i" and cross every "t," you may end up on the losing side. For help preparing and serving termination notices and the eviction summons and complaint for California properties, see The California Landlord's Law Book: Evictions, by Nils Rosenquest and David Brown (Nolo).

If you need help understanding the eviction processes and rules in other states or need state-specific guides on legally evicting a tenant, see our state by state guide on How to Evict a Tenant.

For an overview of terminations and evictions in other states, including relevant state laws on termination for nonpayment of rent and for lease violations, see Every Landlord’s Legal Guide, by Janet Portman and Marcia Stewart.

Introduction	
Beginning July 1, 2014 these Online Services Terms (OST) replace the Online Services Use Rights (OLSUR). The OST contains terms that apply to Customer’s use of Online Services. Separate terms, including different privacy and security terms, govern Customer’s use of Non-Microsoft Products (as defined below), as well as other products and services from Microsoft.
Most Online Services offer a Service Level Agreement (SLA). For more information regarding the Online Services SLAs, please refer to http://microsoft.com/licensing/contracts.

Prior Versions
The OST provides terms for Online Services that are currently available. For earlier versions Customer may refer to http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9840733 or contact its reseller or Microsoft Account Manager.

Clarifications and Summary of Changes
Additions	Deletions
Office 365 Threat Intelligence	
Microsoft Stream	
Kaizala	

Privacy and Security Terms
Data Processing Terms: The Microsoft Azure Core Services row in the Online Services table has been updated to include Azure IoT Hub, Azure Resource Manager, Azure Rights Management, Application Gateway, Service Fabric, and VPN Gateway, remove Workflow Manager, and replace Operations Insights with Log Analytics. Microsoft Cloud App Security has been added to the Online Services table, the Location of Customer Data at Rest section, and the Online Services Information Security Policy table. The Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services bullet in the Location of Customer Data at Rest section has been updated to include the geographies of Australia, India, Japan, and the United Kingdom.

Online Service Specific Terms
Microsoft Azure Services: Microsoft Cloud App Security has been moved to the Other Online Services section.
Office 365 Services: Office 365 Advanced Compliance has been removed because with the addition of Office 365 Customer Lockbox as a feature component Office 365 Advanced Compliance no longer has a unique term that requires being denoted in the Online Service Specific Terms.

Table of Contents / General Terms

 
General Terms
Customer may use the Online Services and related software as expressly permitted in Customer’s volume licensing agreement. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Customer must acquire and assign the appropriate subscription licenses required for its use of each Online Service. Each user that accesses the Online Service must be assigned a User SL or access the Online Service only through a device that has been assigned a Device SL, unless specified otherwise in the Online Service-specific Terms. Attachment 2 describes SL Suites that also fulfill requirements for User SLs. Customer has no right to use an Online Service after the SL for that Online Service ends.

Definitions
If any of the terms below are not defined in Customer’s volume licensing agreement, they have the definitions below.
“Customer Data” means all data, including all text, sound, video, or image files, and software, that are provided to Microsoft by, or on behalf of, Customer through use of the Online Service.
“External User” means a user of an Online Service that is not an employee, onsite contractor, or onsite agent of Customer or its Affiliates.
“Instance” means an image of software that is created by executing the software’s setup or install procedure or by duplicating such an image.
“Licensed Device” means the single physical hardware system to which a license is assigned. For purposes of this definition, a hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate device.
“Non-Microsoft Product” means any third-party-branded software, data, service, website or product, unless incorporated by Microsoft in an Online Service.
“Online Service” means a Microsoft-hosted service to which Customer subscribes under a Microsoft volume licensing agreement, including any service identified in the Online Services section of the Product Terms. It does not include software and services provided under separate license terms (such as via gallery, marketplace, console, or dialog). The Product Terms is located at http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9839207.
“Operating System Environment” (OSE) means all or part of an operating system Instance, or all or part of a virtual (or otherwise emulated) operating system Instance, that enables separate machine identity (primary computer name or similar unique identifier) or separate administrative rights, and Instances of applications, if any, configured to run on all or part of that operating system Instance. There are two types of OSEs, physical and virtual. A physical hardware system can have one physical OSE and/or one or more virtual OSEs. The operating system Instance used to run hardware virtualization software or to provide hardware virtualization services is considered part of the physical OSE.
“SL” means subscription license.

Online Services Terms Updates
When Customer renews or purchases a new subscription to an Online Service, the then-current OST will apply and will not change during Customer’s subscription for that Online Service. When Microsoft introduces features, supplements or related software that are new (i.e., that were not previously included with the subscription), Microsoft may provide terms or make updates to the OST that apply to Customer’s use of those new features, supplements or related software.

Online Services Changes and Availability
Microsoft may make commercially reasonable changes to each Online Service from time to time. Microsoft may terminate an Online Service in any country where Microsoft is subject to a government regulation, obligation or other requirement that is not generally applicable to businesses operating there. Availability, functionality, and language versions for each Online Service may vary by country. For information on availability, Customer may refer to www.microsoft.com/online/international-availability.aspx.

Data Retention
At all times during the term of Customer’s subscription, Customer will have the ability to access and extract Customer Data stored in each Online Service. Except for free trials, Microsoft will retain Customer Data stored in the Online Service in a limited function account for 90 days after expiration or termination of Customer’s subscription so that Customer may extract the data. After the 90-day retention period ends, Microsoft will disable Customer’s account and delete the Customer Data.
The Online Service may not support retention or extraction of software provided by Customer. Microsoft has no liability for the deletion of Customer Data as described in this section.

Use of Software with the Online Service
Customer may need to install certain Microsoft software in order to use the Online Service. If so, the following terms apply:

Microsoft Software License Terms
Customer may install and use the software only for use with the Online Service. The Online Service-specific Terms may limit the number of copies of the software Customer may use or the number of devices on which Customer may use it. Customer’s right to use the software begins when the Online Service is activated and ends when Customer’s right to use the Online Service ends. Customer must uninstall the software when Customer’s right to use it ends. Microsoft may disable it at that time.

Validation, Automatic Updates, and Collection for Software
Microsoft may automatically check the version of any of its software. Devices on which the software is installed may periodically provide information to enable Microsoft to verify that the software is properly licensed. This information includes the software version, the end user’s user account, product ID information, a machine ID, and the internet protocol address of the device. If the software is not properly licensed, its functionality will be affected. Customer may only obtain updates or upgrades for the software from Microsoft or authorized sources. By using the software, Customer consents to the transmission of the information described in this section. Microsoft may recommend or download to Customer’s devices updates or supplements to this software, with or without notice. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications) (“Apps”). The Apps may collect data about the use and performance of the Apps, which may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in this OST for Customer Data.

Third-party Software Components
The software may contain third party software components. Unless otherwise disclosed in that software, Microsoft, not the third party, licenses these components to Customer under Microsoft’s license terms and notices.

Non-Microsoft Products
Microsoft may make Non-Microsoft Products available to Customer through Customer’s use of the Online Services (such as through a store or gallery, or as search results). If Customer installs or uses any Non-Microsoft Product with an Online Service, Customer may not do so in any way that would subject Microsoft’s intellectual property or technology to obligations beyond those expressly included in Customer’s volume licensing agreement. For Customer’s convenience, Microsoft may include charges for the Non-Microsoft Product as part of Customer’s bill for Online Services. Microsoft, however, assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the Non-Microsoft Product. Customer is solely responsible for any Non-Microsoft Product that it installs or uses with an Online Service. 

Acceptable Use Policy
Neither Customer, nor those that access an Online Service through Customer, may use an Online Service:
•	in a way prohibited by law, regulation, governmental order or decree;
•	to violate the rights of others; 
•	to try to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt any service, device, data, account or network; 
•	to spam or distribute malware;
•	in a way that could harm the Online Service or impair anyone else’s use of it; or 
•	in any application or situation where failure of the Online Service could lead to the death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to severe physical or environmental damage.
Violation of the terms in this section may result in suspension of the Online Service. Microsoft will suspend the Online Service only to the extent reasonably necessary. Unless Microsoft believes an immediate suspension is required, Microsoft will provide reasonable notice before suspending an Online Service.

Technical Limitations
Customer must comply with, and may not work around, any technical limitations in an Online Service that only allow Customer to use it in certain ways. Customer may not download or otherwise remove copies of software or source code from an Online Service except as explicitly authorized.

Compliance with Laws
Microsoft will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to its provision of the Online Services, including security breach notification law. However, Microsoft is not responsible for compliance with any laws or regulations applicable to Customer or Customer’s industry that are not generally applicable to information technology service providers. Microsoft does not determine whether Customer Data includes information subject to any specific law or regulation. All Security Incidents are subject to the Security Incident Notification terms below.
Customer must comply with all laws and regulations applicable to its use of Online Services, including laws related to privacy, biometric data, data protection and confidentiality of communications. Customer is responsible for implementing and maintaining privacy protections and security measures for components that Customer provides or controls (such as devices enrolled with Microsoft Intune or within a Microsoft Azure customer’s virtual machine or application), and for determining whether the Online Services are appropriate for storage and processing of information subject to any specific law or regulation. Customer is responsible for responding to any request from a third party regarding Customer’s use of an Online Service, such as a request to take down content under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act or other applicable laws.
Import/Export Services
Customer’s use of any Import/Export Service is conditioned upon its compliance with all instructions provided by Microsoft regarding the preparation, treatment and shipment of physical media containing its data (“storage media”). Customer is solely responsible for ensuring the storage media and data are provided in compliance with all laws and regulations. Microsoft has no duty with respect to the storage media and no liability for lost, damaged or destroyed storage media. All storage media shipped to Microsoft must be shipped DAP Microsoft DCS Data Center (INCOTERMS 2010). Storage media shipped to Customer will be shipped DAP Customer Dock (INCOTERMS 2010).

Electronic Notices
Microsoft may provide Customer with information and notices about Online Services electronically, including via email, through the portal for the Online Service, or through a web site that Microsoft identifies. Notice is given as of the date it is made available by Microsoft. 

License Reassignment
Most, but not all, SLs may be reassigned. Except as permitted in this paragraph or in the Online Service-specific Terms, Customer may not reassign an SL on a short-term basis (i.e., within 90 days of the last assignment). Customer may reassign an SL on a short-term basis to cover a user’s absence or the unavailability of a device that is out of service. Reassignment of an SL for any other purpose must be permanent. When Customer reassigns an SL from one device or user to another, Customer must block access and remove any related software from the former device or from the former user’s device.

Font Components
While Customer uses an Online Service, Customer may use the fonts installed by that Online Service to display and print content. Customer may only embed fonts in content as permitted by the embedding restrictions in the fonts and temporarily download them to a printer or other output device to print content.

Competitive Benchmarking
If Customer offers a service competitive to an Online Service, by using the Online Service, Customer agrees to waive any restrictions on competitive use and benchmark testing in the terms governing its competitive service. If Customer does not intend to waive such restrictions in its terms of use, Customer is not allowed to use the Online Service.

Multiplexing
Hardware or software that Customer uses to pool connections; reroute information; reduce the number of devices or users that directly access or use the Online Service (or related software); or reduce the number of OSEs, devices or users the Online Service directly manages (sometimes referred to as “multiplexing” or “pooling”) does not reduce the number of licenses of any type (including SLs) that Customer needs.
Table of Contents / General Terms
 
 
Privacy and Security Terms
This section of the Online Services Terms has two parts: 
•	General Privacy and Security Terms, which apply to all Online Services; and
•	Data Processing Terms, which are additional commitments for certain Online Services.

General Privacy and Security Terms
Scope
The terms in this section apply to all Online Services except Bing Maps Enterprise Platform, Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform, and Microsoft Cognitive Services, which are governed by the privacy and/or security terms referenced below in the applicable Online Service-specific Terms.

Use of Customer Data
Customer Data will be used only to provide Customer the Online Services including purposes compatible with providing those services. Microsoft will not use Customer Data or derive information from it for any advertising or similar commercial purposes. As between the parties, Customer retains all right, title and interest in and to Customer Data. Microsoft acquires no rights in Customer Data, other than the rights Customer grants to Microsoft to provide the Online Services to Customer. This paragraph does not affect Microsoft’s rights in software or services Microsoft licenses to Customer.

Disclosure of Customer Data
Microsoft will not disclose Customer Data outside of Microsoft or its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates except (1) as Customer directs, (2) as described in the OST, or (3) as required by law. 
Microsoft will not disclose Customer Data to law enforcement unless required by law. If law enforcement contacts Microsoft with a demand for Customer Data, Microsoft will attempt to redirect the law enforcement agency to request that data directly from Customer. If compelled to disclose Customer Data to law enforcement, Microsoft will promptly notify Customer and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so.
Upon receipt of any other third party request for Customer Data, Microsoft will promptly notify Customer unless prohibited by law. Microsoft will reject the request unless required by law to comply. If the request is valid, Microsoft will attempt to redirect the third party to request the data directly from Customer.
Microsoft will not provide any third party: (a) direct, indirect, blanket or unfettered access to Customer Data; (b) platform encryption keys used to secure Customer Data or the ability to break such encryption; or (c) access to Customer Data if Microsoft is aware that the data is to be used for purposes other than those stated in the third party’s request. 
In support of the above, Microsoft may provide Customer’s basic contact information to the third party. 

Educational Institutions
If Customer is an educational agency or institution to which regulations under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, 20 U.S.C. § 1232g (FERPA) apply, Microsoft acknowledges that for the purposes of the OST, Microsoft is a “school official” with “legitimate educational interests” in the Customer Data, as those terms have been defined under FERPA and its implementing regulations, and Microsoft agrees to abide by the limitations and requirements imposed by 34 CFR 99.33(a) on school officials.
Customer understands that Microsoft may possess limited or no contact information for Customer’s students and students’ parents. Consequently, Customer will be responsible for obtaining any parental consent for any end user’s use of the Online Service that may be required by applicable law and to convey notification on behalf of Microsoft to students (or, with respect to a student under 18 years of age and not in attendance at a postsecondary institution, to the student’s parent) of any judicial order or lawfully-issued subpoena requiring the disclosure of Customer Data in Microsoft’s possession as may be required under applicable law.

HIPAA Business Associate
If Customer is a “covered entity” or a “business associate” and includes "protected health information" in Customer Data as those terms are defined in 45 CFR § 160.103, execution of Customer’s volume licensing agreement includes execution of the HIPAA Business Associate Agreement (“BAA”), the full text of which identifies the Online Services to which it applies and is available at http://aka.ms/BAA. Customer may opt out of the BAA by sending the following information to Microsoft in a written notice (under the terms of the Customer’s volume licensing agreement):
•	the full legal name of the Customer and any Affiliate that is opting out;
•	 if Customer has multiple volume licensing agreements, the volume licensing agreement to which the opt out applies.
 
Security
Microsoft is committed to helping protect the security of Customer’s information. Microsoft has implemented and will maintain and follow appropriate technical and organizational measures intended to protect Customer Data against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful access, disclosure, alteration, loss, or destruction. 

Security Incident Notification
If Microsoft becomes aware of any unlawful access to any Customer Data stored on Microsoft’s equipment or in Microsoft’s facilities, or unauthorized access to such equipment or facilities resulting in loss, disclosure, or alteration of Customer Data (each a “Security Incident”), Microsoft will promptly (1) notify Customer of the Security Incident; (2)  investigate the Security Incident and provide Customer with detailed information about the Security Incident; and (3)  take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects and to minimize any damage resulting from the Security Incident.
Notification(s) of Security Incidents will be delivered to one or more of Customer’s administrators by any means Microsoft selects, including via email. It is Customer’s sole responsibility to ensure Customer’s administrators maintain accurate contact information on each applicable Online Services portal. Microsoft’s obligation to report or respond to a Security Incident under this section is not an acknowledgement by Microsoft of any fault or liability with respect to the Security Incident.
Customer must notify Microsoft promptly about any possible misuse of its accounts or authentication credentials or any security incident related to an Online Service.

Location of Data Processing
Except as described elsewhere in the OST, Customer Data that Microsoft processes on Customer’s behalf may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. Customer appoints Microsoft to perform any such transfer of Customer Data to any such country and to store and process Customer Data in order to provide the Online Services. Microsoft will abide by the requirements of European Economic Area and Swiss data protection law regarding the collection, use, transfer, retention, and other processing of personal data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. In addition to Microsoft’s commitments under the Standard Contractual Clauses and other model contracts, Microsoft is certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the commitments it entails.   

Preview Releases
Microsoft may offer preview, beta or other pre-release features, data center locations, and services ("Previews") for optional evaluation. Previews may employ lesser or different privacy and security measures than those typically present in the Online Services. Unless otherwise provided, Previews are not included in the SLA for the corresponding Online Service.

Use of Subcontractors
Microsoft may hire subcontractors to provide services on its behalf. Any such subcontractors will be permitted to obtain Customer Data only to deliver the services Microsoft has retained them to provide and will be prohibited from using Customer Data for any other purpose. Microsoft remains responsible for its subcontractors’ compliance with Microsoft’s obligations in the OST. Customer has previously consented to Microsoft’s transfer of Customer Data to subcontractors as described in the OST.

How to Contact Microsoft
If Customer believes that Microsoft is not adhering to its privacy or security commitments, Customer may contact customer support or use Microsoft’s Privacy web form, located at http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9846224. Microsoft’s mailing address is:    
Microsoft Enterprise Service Privacy
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, Washington 98052 USA

Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is Microsoft’s data protection representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland. The privacy representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited can be reached at the following address:
Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection
Carmenhall Road
Sandyford, Dublin 18, Ireland
Table of Contents / General Terms
 
Data Processing Terms
The Data Processing Terms (DPT) include the terms in this section.
The Data Processing Terms also include the “Standard Contractual Clauses,” pursuant to the European Commission Decision of 5 February 2010 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third countries under the EU Data Protection Directive. The Standard Contractual Clauses are in Attachment 3. In addition,
•	Execution of the volume licensing agreement includes execution of Attachment 3, which is countersigned by Microsoft Corporation;
•	The terms in Customer’s volume licensing agreement, including the DPT, constitute a data processing agreement under which Microsoft is the data processor; and
•	The DPT control over any inconsistent or conflicting provision in Customer’s volume licensing agreement and, for each subscription, will remain in full force and effect until all of the related Customer Data is deleted from Microsoft’s systems in accordance with the DPT.
Customer may opt out of the “Standard Contractual Clauses” or the Data Processing Terms in their entirety. To opt out, Customer must send the following information to Microsoft in a written notice (under terms of the Customer’s volume licensing agreement):
•	the full legal name of the Customer and any Affiliate that is opting out;
•	if Customer has multiple volume licensing agreements, the volume licensing agreement to which the Opt Out applies; 
•	if opting out of the entire DPT, a statement that Customer (or Affiliate) opts out of the entirety of the Data Processing Terms; and
•	if opting out of only the Standard Contractual Clauses, a statement that Customer (or Affiliate) opts out of the Standard Contractual Clauses only. 
In countries where regulatory approval is required for use of the Standard Contractual Clauses, the Standard Contractual Clauses cannot be relied upon under European Commission 2010/87/EU (of February 2010) to legitimize export of data from the country, unless Customer has the required regulatory approval.
In the DPT, the term “Online Services” applies only to the services in the table below, excluding any Previews, and “Customer Data” includes only Customer Data that is provided through use of those Online Services.

Online Services
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services	The following services, each as a standalone service or as included in a Dynamics 365 branded plan or application: Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Customer Service, Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Field Service, Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Project Service Automation, Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales, and Microsoft Social Engagement. Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services do not include (1) Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations or Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Financials; (2) Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services for supported devices or software, which includes but is not limited to Microsoft Dynamics 365 for apps, tablets and/or phones; or (3) except as expressly defined in the licensing terms for the corresponding service, any other separately-branded service made available with or connected to Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services.
Office 365 Services	The following services, each as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365-branded plan or suite: Exchange Online, Exchange Online Archiving, Exchange Online Protection, Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection, SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, Microsoft Planner, Project Online, Skype for Business Online, Sway, Office Online, Microsoft MyAnalytics, Customer Lockbox, Microsoft Bookings, and Yammer Enterprise. Office 365 Services do not include Office 365 ProPlus, any portion of PSTN Services that operate outside of Microsoft’s control, any client software, or any separately branded service made available with an Office 365-branded plan or suite, such as a Bing or a service branded “for Office 365.”
Microsoft Azure Core Services	Azure Active Directory, Azure IoT Hub, Azure Resource Manager, Azure Rights Management, API Management, Application Gateway, App Service (API Apps, Mobile Apps, Web Apps), Automation, Backup, Batch, BizTalk Services, Cloud Services, Data Catalog, Data Factory, DocumentDB, Event Hubs, Express Route, HDInsight, Key Vault, Load Balancer, Log Analytics (formerly Operational Insights), Machine Learning, Management Portal, Media Services, Multi-Factor Authentication, Notification Hubs, Redis Cache, Scheduler, Service Bus, Service Fabric, Site Recovery, SQL Database, Storage, StorSimple, Stream Analytics, Traffic Manager, Virtual Machines, Virtual Network, Visual Studio Team Services, and VPN Gateway. 
Microsoft Cloud App Security	The cloud service portion of Microsoft Cloud App Security.
Microsoft Intune Online Services	The cloud service portion of Microsoft Intune such as the Microsoft Intune Add-on Product or a management service provided by Microsoft Intune such as Mobile Device Management for Office 365.
Microsoft Power BI Services	The cloud service portion of Microsoft Power BI offered as a standalone service or as included in an Office 365-branded plan or suite, but excluding data catalog functionality, the Power BI mobile applications, or Power BI Desktop.

Location of Customer Data at Rest
Microsoft will store Customer Data at rest within certain major geographic areas (each, a Geo) as follows:
•	Office 365 Services. If Customer provisions its tenant in Australia, Canada, the European Union, India, Japan or the United States (each of the foregoing a Geo), Microsoft will store the following Customer Data at rest only within that Geo: (1) Exchange Online mailbox content (e-mail body, calendar entries, and the content of e-mail attachments), (2) SharePoint Online site content and the files stored within that site, and Project Online data, and (3) files uploaded to OneDrive for Business. 
•	Microsoft Intune Online Services. When Customer provisions a tenant account, Customer selects an available Geo where Customer Data at                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   rest will be stored. Microsoft will not transfer the Customer Data outside of Customer’s selected Geo except as noted in the “Data Location” section of the Microsoft Intune Trust Center.
•	Microsoft Power BI Services. If Customer provisions its tenant in Australia, Canada, Asia Pacific, India, Japan, the European Union, United Kingdom, or the United States, Microsoft will store Microsoft Power BI Customer Data at rest only within that Geo, except as noted in the data location section of the Microsoft Power BI Trust Center.
•	Microsoft Azure Core Services. If Customer configures a particular service to be deployed within a Geo then, for that service, Microsoft will store Customer Data at rest within the specified Geo. Certain services may not enable Customer to configure deployment in a particular Geo or outside the United States and may store backups in other locations, as detailed in the Microsoft Azure Trust Center (which Microsoft may update from time to time, but Microsoft will not add exceptions for existing Services in general release).
•	Microsoft Cloud App Security. Microsoft will store Customer Data at rest in the United States.
•	Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services. Except for Microsoft Social Engagement, if Customer provisions its instance of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services in Australia, Canada, the European Union, India, Japan, the United Kingdom or the United States, Microsoft will store Customer Data at rest within the specified Geo. Certain entities may not be configured to be stored in any particular Geo and may be stored at rest in other locations as detailed in the Microsoft Dynamics 365 Trust Center.
Microsoft does not control or limit the regions from which Customer or Customer’s end users may access or move Customer Data.

Privacy
•	Customer Data Deletion or Return. No more than 180 days after expiration or termination of Customer’s use of an Online Service, Microsoft will disable the account and delete Customer Data from the account. 
•	Transfer of Customer Data. Unless Customer has opted out of the Standard Contractual Clauses, all transfers of Customer Data out of the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland shall be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses. Microsoft will abide by the requirements of European Economic Area and Swiss data protection law regarding the collection, use, transfer, retention, and other processing of personal data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland.
•	Microsoft Personnel. Microsoft personnel will not process Customer Data without authorization from Customer. Microsoft personnel are obligated to maintain the security and secrecy of any Customer Data as provided in the DPT and this obligation continues even after their engagements end.
•	Subcontractor Transfer. Microsoft may hire subcontractors to provide certain limited or ancillary services on its behalf. Any subcontractors to whom Microsoft transfers Customer Data, even those used for storage purposes, will have entered into written agreements with Microsoft that are no less protective than the DPT. Customer has previously consented to Microsoft’s transfer of Customer Data to subcontractors as described in the DPT. Except as set forth in the DPT, or as Customer may otherwise authorize, Microsoft will not transfer to any third party (not even for storage purposes) personal data Customer provides to Microsoft through the use of the Online Services. Microsoft provides a website that lists subcontractors authorized to access Customer Data in the Online Services as well as the limited or ancillary services they provide. At least 6 months before authorizing any new subcontractor to access Customer Data, Microsoft will update the website and provide Customer with a mechanism to obtain notice of that update. If Customer does not approve of a new subcontractor, then Customer may terminate the affected Online Service without penalty by providing, before the end of the notice period, written notice of termination that includes an explanation of the grounds for non-approval. If the affected Online Service is part of a suite (or similar single purchase of services), then any termination will apply to the entire suite. After termination, Microsoft will remove payment obligations for the terminated Online Services from subsequent Customer invoices.

Additional European Terms.
These Additional European Terms apply only if Customer has end users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland.
•	End Users in EEA or Switzerland. Terms used in the DPT that are not specifically defined will have the meaning in Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “EU Data Protection Directive”).
•	Intent of the Parties. For the Online Services, Microsoft is a data processor (or sub-processor) acting on Customer’s behalf. As data processor (or sub-processor), Microsoft will only act upon Customer’s instructions. The OST and Customer’s volume licensing agreement (including the terms and conditions incorporated by reference therein), along with Customer’s use and configuration of features in the Online Services, are Customer’s complete and final instructions to Microsoft for the processing of Customer Data. Any additional or alternate instructions must be agreed to according to the process for amending Customer’s volume licensing agreement.
•	Duration and Object of Data Processing. The duration of data processing shall be for the term designated under Customer’s volume licensing agreement. The objective of the data processing is the performance of the Online Services.
•	Scope and Purpose of Data Processing. The scope and purpose of processing of Customer Data, including any personal data included in the Customer Data, is described in the DPT and Customer’s volume licensing agreement.
•	Customer Data Access. For the term designated under Customer’s volume licensing agreement Microsoft will, at its election and as necessary under applicable law implementing Article 12(b) of the EU Data Protection Directive, either: (1) provide Customer with the ability to correct, delete, or block Customer Data, or (2) make such corrections, deletions, or blockages on Customer’s behalf. 

Security
•	General Practices. Microsoft has implemented and will maintain and follow for the Online Services the following security measures, which, in conjunction with the security commitments in the OST, are Microsoft’s only responsibility with respect to the security of Customer Data.

Domain	Practices
Organization of Information Security	Security Ownership. Microsoft has appointed one or more security officers responsible for coordinating and monitoring the security rules and procedures.
Security Roles and Responsibilities. Microsoft personnel with access to Customer Data are subject to confidentiality obligations.
Risk Management Program. Microsoft performed a risk assessment before processing the Customer Data or launching the Online Services service.
Microsoft retains its security documents pursuant to its retention requirements after they are no longer in effect.
Asset Management	Asset Inventory. Microsoft maintains an inventory of all media on which Customer Data is stored. Access to the inventories of such media is restricted to Microsoft personnel authorized in writing to have such access.
Asset Handling
-	Microsoft classifies Customer Data to help identify it and to allow for access to it to be appropriately restricted.
-	Microsoft imposes restrictions on printing Customer Data and has procedures for disposing of printed materials that contain Customer Data.
-	Microsoft personnel must obtain Microsoft authorization prior to storing Customer Data on portable devices, remotely accessing Customer Data, or processing Customer Data outside Microsoft’s facilities.
Human Resources Security	Security Training. Microsoft informs its personnel about relevant security procedures and their respective roles. Microsoft also informs its personnel of possible consequences of breaching the security rules and procedures. Microsoft will only use anonymous data in training.
Physical and Environmental Security	Physical Access to Facilities. Microsoft limits access to facilities where information systems that process Customer Data are located to identified authorized individuals.
Physical Access to Components. Microsoft maintains records of the incoming and outgoing media containing Customer Data, including the kind of media, the authorized sender/recipients, date and time, the number of media and the types of Customer Data they contain.
Protection from Disruptions. Microsoft uses a variety of industry standard systems to protect against loss of data due to power supply failure or line interference.
Component Disposal. Microsoft uses industry standard processes to delete Customer Data when it is no longer needed.
Communications and Operations Management	Operational Policy. Microsoft maintains security documents describing its security measures and the relevant procedures and responsibilities of its personnel who have access to Customer Data.
Data Recovery Procedures
-	On an ongoing basis, but in no case less frequently than once a week (unless no Customer Data has been updated during that period), Microsoft maintains multiple copies of Customer Data from which Customer Data can be recovered.
-	Microsoft stores copies of Customer Data and data recovery procedures in a different place from where the primary computer equipment processing the Customer Data is located.
-	Microsoft has specific procedures in place governing access to copies of Customer Data.
-	Microsoft reviews data recovery procedures at least every six months, except for data recovery procedures for Azure Government Services, which are reviewed every twelve months.
-	Microsoft logs data restoration efforts, including the person responsible, the description of the restored data and where applicable, the person responsible and which data (if any) had to be input manually in the data recovery process.
Malicious Software. Microsoft has anti-malware controls to help avoid malicious software gaining unauthorized access to Customer Data, including malicious software originating from public networks.
Data Beyond Boundaries
-	Microsoft encrypts, or enables Customer to encrypt, Customer Data that is transmitted over public networks.
-	Microsoft restricts access to Customer Data in media leaving its facilities.
Event Logging. Microsoft logs, or enables Customer to log, access and use of information systems containing Customer Data, registering the access ID, time, authorization granted or denied, and relevant activity.
Access Control	Access Policy. Microsoft maintains a record of security privileges of individuals having access to Customer Data.
Access Authorization
-	Microsoft maintains and updates a record of personnel authorized to access Microsoft systems that contain Customer Data.
-	Microsoft deactivates authentication credentials that have not been used for a period of time not to exceed six months.
-	Microsoft identifies those personnel who may grant, alter or cancel authorized access to data and resources. 
-	Microsoft ensures that where more than one individual has access to systems containing Customer Data, the individuals have separate identifiers/log-ins.
Least Privilege
-	Technical support personnel are only permitted to have access to Customer Data when needed. 
-	Microsoft restricts access to Customer Data to only those individuals who require such access to perform their job function.

Integrity and Confidentiality
-	Microsoft instructs Microsoft personnel to disable administrative sessions when leaving premises Microsoft controls or when computers are otherwise left unattended.
-	Microsoft stores passwords in a way that makes them unintelligible while they are in force.
Authentication
-	Microsoft uses industry standard practices to identify and authenticate users who attempt to access information systems.
-	Where authentication mechanisms are based on passwords, Microsoft requires that the passwords are renewed regularly.
-	Where authentication mechanisms are based on passwords, Microsoft requires the password to be at least eight characters long.
-	Microsoft ensures that de-activated or expired identifiers are not granted to other individuals.
-	Microsoft monitors, or enables Customer to monitor, repeated attempts to gain access to the information system using an invalid password.
-	Microsoft maintains industry standard procedures to deactivate passwords that have been corrupted or inadvertently disclosed.
-	Microsoft uses industry standard password protection practices, including practices designed to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of passwords when they are assigned and distributed, and during storage.
Network Design. Microsoft has controls to avoid individuals assuming access rights they have not been assigned to gain access to Customer Data they are not authorized to access.
Information Security Incident Management	Incident Response Process
-	Microsoft maintains a record of security breaches with a description of the breach, the time period, the consequences of the breach, the name of the reporter, and to whom the breach was reported, and the procedure for recovering data.
-	For each security breach that is a Security Incident, notification by Microsoft (as described in the “Security Incident Notification” section above) will be made without unreasonable delay and, in any event, within 30 calendar days.
-   Microsoft tracks, or enables Customer to track, disclosures of Customer Data, including what data has been disclosed, to whom, and at what time.
Service Monitoring. Microsoft security personnel verify logs at least every six months to propose remediation efforts if necessary.
Business Continuity Management	-	Microsoft maintains emergency and contingency plans for the facilities in which Microsoft information systems that process Customer Data are located.
-	Microsoft’s redundant storage and its procedures for recovering data are designed to attempt to reconstruct Customer Data in its original or last-replicated state from before the time it was lost or destroyed.

Online Services Information Security Policy
Each Online Service follows a written data security policy (“Information Security Policy”) that complies with the control standards and frameworks shown in the table below.
Online Service	ISO 27001	ISO 27002
Code of Practice	ISO 27018
Code of Practice	SSAE 16 SOC 1 Type II	SSAE 16 SOC 2 Type II
Office 365 Services	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Core Services	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes*	Yes*
Microsoft Azure Core Services	Yes	Yes	Yes	Varies**	Varies**
Microsoft Cloud App Security	Yes	Yes	Yes	No	No
Microsoft Intune Online Services	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Microsoft Power BI Services	Yes	Yes	Yes	No	No
*Does not include Microsoft Social Engagement.
**Current scope is detailed in the audit report and summarized in the Microsoft Azure Trust Center.

Microsoft may add industry or government standards at any time. Microsoft will not eliminate a standard or framework in the table above, unless it is no longer used in the industry and it is replaced with a successor (if any). Azure Government Services meet a separate set of control standards and frameworks, as detailed on the Microsoft Azure Trust Center.

Subject to non-disclosure obligations, Microsoft will make each Information Security Policy available to Customer, along with other information reasonably requested by Customer regarding Microsoft security practices and policies.

Customer is solely responsible for reviewing each Information Security Policy and making an independent determination as to whether it meets Customer’s requirements. 

If the Standard Contractual Clauses apply, then this section is in addition to Clause 5 paragraph f and Clause 12 paragraph 2 of the Standard Contractual Clauses.

Microsoft Audits of Online Services
For each Online Service, Microsoft will conduct audits of the security of the computers, computing environment and physical data centers that it uses in processing Customer Data (including personal data), as follows:
•	Where a standard or framework provides for audits, an audit of such control standard or framework will be initiated at least annually for each Online Service.
•	Each audit will be performed according to the standards and rules of the regulatory or accreditation body for each applicable control standard or framework.
•	Each audit will be performed by qualified, independent, third party security auditors at Microsoft’s selection and expense.

Each audit will result in the generation of an audit report (“Microsoft Audit Report”), which will be Microsoft’s Confidential Information. The Microsoft Audit Report will clearly disclose any material findings by the auditor. Microsoft will promptly remediate issues raised in any Microsoft Audit Report to the satisfaction of the auditor.

If Customer requests, Microsoft will provide Customer with each Microsoft Audit Report so that Customer can verify Microsoft’s compliance with the security obligations under the DPT. The Microsoft Audit Report will be subject to non-disclosure and distribution limitations of Microsoft and the auditor.

If the Standard Contractual Clauses apply, then (1) Customer agrees to exercise its audit right by instructing Microsoft to execute the audit as described in this section of the DPT, and (2) if Customer desires to change this instruction, then Customer has the right to do so as set forth in the Standard Contractual Clauses, which shall be requested in writing.

If the Standard Contractual Clauses apply, then nothing in this section of the DPT varies or modifies the Standard Contractual Clauses or affects any supervisory authority’s or data subject’s rights under the Standard Contractual Clauses. Microsoft Corporation is an intended third-party beneficiary of this section.
Table of Contents / General Terms
 
Online Service Specific Terms
If an Online Service is not listed below, it does not have any Online Service-specific terms.

Microsoft Azure Services
Notices
The Bing Maps, Professional Services, Azure Media Services H.265/HEV Encoding, and H.264/AVC Visual Standard, VC-1 Video Standard, and MPEG-4 Part 2 Visual Standard and MPEG-2 Video Standard Notices in Attachment 1 apply.

Service Level Agreement
Refer to http://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/sla/.

Definitions
“Azure Government Services” means one or more of the services or features Microsoft makes available to Customer as Government Community Cloud Services in the “US Gov” regions identified at http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/regions/#services.
“Customer Solution” means an application or any set of applications that adds primary and significant functionality to the Microsoft Azure Services and that is not primarily a substitute for the Microsoft Azure Services.
“Microsoft Azure Services” means the Microsoft services and features identified at http://azure.microsoft.com/services/, except those licensed separately. “Microsoft Azure Services” includes any open source components incorporated by Microsoft in those services and features.
“Microsoft Translator” means Translator API Text Translation and/or Translator API Speech Translation offered by Microsoft as a cloud based automatic translation service.

Limitations
Customer may not
•	resell or redistribute the Microsoft Azure Services, or
•	allow multiple users to directly or indirectly access any Microsoft Azure Service feature that is made available on a per user basis (e.g., Active Directory Premium). Specific reassignment terms applicable to a Microsoft Azure Service feature may be provided in supplemental documentation for that feature.

Retirement of Services or Features
Microsoft will provide Customer with 12 months’ notice before removing any material feature or functionality or discontinuing a service, unless security, legal or system performance considerations require an expedited removal. This does not apply to Previews

Data Retention after Expiration or Termination
The expiration or termination of Customer’s Online Service subscription will not change Customer’s obligation to pay for hosting of Customer Data during any Extended Term.

Hosting Exception
Customer may create and maintain a Customer Solution and, despite anything to the contrary in Customer’s volume licensing agreement, combine Microsoft Azure Services with Customer Data owned or licensed by Customer or a third party, to create a Customer Solution using the Microsoft Azure Service and the Customer Data together. Customer may permit third parties to access and use the Microsoft Azure Services in connection with the use of that Customer Solution. Customer is responsible for that use and for ensuring that these terms and the terms and conditions of Customer’s volume licensing agreement are met by that use.

Use of Software within Microsoft Azure
For Microsoft software available within a Microsoft Azure Service, Microsoft grants Customer a limited license to use the software only within the Microsoft Azure Service.  

Data Center Availability
Usage of data centers in certain regions may be restricted to Customers located in or near that region. For information on service availability by region, please refer to http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/regions.

 
Sharing
The Microsoft Azure Services may provide the ability to share a Customer Solution and/or Customer Data with other Azure users and communities, or other third parties. If Customer chooses to engage in such sharing, Customer agrees that it is giving a license to all authorized users, including the rights to use, modify, and repost its Customer Solution and/or the Customer Data, and Customer is allowing Microsoft to make them available to such users in a manner and location of its choosing.

Marketplace
Microsoft Azure enables Customer to access or purchase Non-Microsoft Products through features such as the Microsoft Azure Marketplace and the Virtual Machine Gallery, subject to separate terms available at http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/store-terms.


	Microsoft Cognitive Services
Microsoft Cognitive Services Privacy 
The Microsoft Privacy Statement located at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839 applies to Customer’s use of Microsoft Cognitive Services, except that this Microsoft Cognitive Services section controls to the extent it conflicts with the Microsoft Privacy Statement. 

Use of Cognitive Services Data. 
Customer is solely responsible for the content of all Customer Data it sends to the Cognitive Services ("Cognitive Services Data").

Microsoft may process Cognitive Services Data solely to: (i) provide Cognitive Services to Customer; and (ii) improve Microsoft products and services. Solely for such processing, Microsoft may collect, retain, use, reproduce, and create derivative works of, Cognitive Services Data and Customer grants Microsoft a limited nonexclusive irrevocable worldwide license to do so. Customer will secure and maintain all rights necessary for Microsoft to process Cognitive Services Data as described in this paragraph without violating the rights of any third party or otherwise obligating Microsoft to Customer or to any third party.

Where Cognitive Services Data includes personal data, Customer will obtain sufficient consent for such processing by Microsoft from the data subjects (or from their parents or guardians as required by applicable law).

Microsoft is committed to helping protect data subjects who may be identifiable from Cognitive Services Data that Microsoft retains. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify some retained Cognitive Services Data. 

This Use of Cognitive Services Data section will survive termination or expiration of Customer’s volume licensing agreement. As between the parties, Customer retains all right, title and interest in and to Cognitive Services Data. Microsoft acquires no rights in Cognitive Services Data, other than the rights Customer grants to Microsoft in this Use of Cognitive Services Data section. This paragraph does not affect Microsoft’s rights in software or services Microsoft licenses to Customer. 

Cognitive Services Data Retention
Unless stated in documentation for a service, Cognitive Services are not designed to store Customer Data on Customer’s behalf. 
Application of General Privacy and Security Terms
Only the following sections of the General Privacy and Security Terms apply to the Cognitive Services: Location of Data Processing, Preview Releases, Use of Subcontractors, How to Contact Microsoft  

Attribution
When using the Microsoft Cognitive Services (except the Search APIs (defined below)), Customer will provide reasonably prominent attribution. The attribution should read “using Microsoft Cognitive Services” and include a hyperlink to http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=829046.

Precedence
This Microsoft Cognitive Services section controls to the extent there is any conflict with other parts of the OST.

Bing APIs Limit on Customer use of service output for

Customer may not use any data from the Bing-branded APIs for the purpose of developing or offering any comparable machine-learning based service.

Bing Search APIs Use and Display Requirements
Customer must comply with use and display requirements for the Bing Web Search, Image Search, Video Search and News Search APIs, Bing Spell Check, and Bing Autosuggest (collectively, the “Search APIs”), which are available https://aka.ms/r1j7jq. Customer must use results it obtains through the Search APIs only in Internet Search Experiences (as defined in the use and display requirements) and must not cache or copy results.  The results Customer obtains through the Search APIs are not Products, Fixes, or Services Deliverables.

Translator API
Attribution:
When displaying automatic translations performed by Microsoft Translator, Customer will provide reasonably prominent notice that the text has been automatically translated by Microsoft Translator.

Limit on Customer use of service output:
Customer may not use any data from Microsoft Translator for the purpose of developing or offering any comparable machine-learning based service.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Microsoft Azure Plans
Notices
The Bing Maps Notices in Attachment 1 apply.

Subscription License Suites
In addition to User SLs, refer to Attachment 2 for other SLs that fulfill requirements for Azure Active Directory Premium, Azure Information Protection, and Microsoft Intune.

	Azure Active Directory Basic
Customer may, using Single Sign-On, pre-integrate up to 10 SAAS Applications/Custom Applications per User SL. All Microsoft as well as third party applications count towards this application limit.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Azure Active Directory Premium
Customer may, using Single Sign-On, pre-integrate SaaS Applications/Custom Applications. Customer may not copy or distribute any data set (or any portion of a data set) included in the Microsoft Identity Manager software that is included with a Microsoft Azure Active Directory Premium (P1 and P2) User SL.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Azure Information Protection Premium
Notices
The Bing Maps Notices in Attachment 1 applies. Any deployment services provided to Customer are subject to the Professional Services Notice in Attachment 1.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services
 
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Case Management, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Customer Service, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Field Services, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Financials, Business Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Project Service Automation, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales, Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Team Members, Business Edition
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Team Members, Enterprise Edition

 

Notices
The Bing Maps and Professional Services Notices in Attachment 1 apply. Any onboarding, migration, or deployment services provided to Customer as subjection to the Professional Services Notice in Attachment 1.

Subscription License Suites
In addition to User SLs, refer to Attachment 2 for other offerings that fulfill SL requirements.

External Users
External Users of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services do not need a SL to access the Online Service. This exemption does not apply to contractors or agents of Customer or its Affiliate, or External Users using Microsoft Dynamics 365 clients with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services other than Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations.

Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations
Customer may modify Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Operations to allow extension of its functionality, but only for Customer’s internal use purposes.

Server Use Rights for Dynamics 365 User SLs, From SA User SLs and Add-on User SLs
Customer with active Microsoft Dynamics 365 Services subscriptions may:
•	install and use any number of copies of the Microsoft Dynamics 365 On-premises Server software on any server;
•	allow users or devices licensed with Microsoft Dynamics 365 On-premises CALs, Microsoft Dynamics CRM CALs and Microsoft Dynamics AX CALs to access Microsoft Dynamics 365 On-premises Server software provided with Microsoft Dynamics 365 subscriptions. Users or devices without Software Assurance on CALs may not access new versions of Microsoft Dynamics 365 On-premises Server;
•	receive and use updates related to government tax and regulatory requirements on Microsoft Dynamics On-premises Server software; 
•	modify or create derivative works of plug-ins, runtime, and other components identified in printed or online documentation and use those derivative works, but only with the Microsoft Dynamics 365 On-premises Server software and only for Customer’s internal purposes; and
•	this server use rights provision does not apply to Customers licensed for Dynamics 365 Business Edition .

Microsoft Social Engagement
Service Level Agreement
There is no SLA for Microsoft Social Engagement.

Social Content Obtained through Microsoft Social Engagement
Social Content is publicly-available content collected from social media networks (such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube) and data indexing or data aggregation services in response to Customer’s search queries executed in Microsoft Social Engagement. Social Content is not Customer Data. Customer Data used in configuring or initiating search queries executed on Customer’s behalf may be shared with third parties for purposes of collecting Social Content. Customer may use Social Content for its internal business purposes only. Microsoft reserves the right to:
•	store Social Content in a database commingled with content aggregated from other sources by other licensees; 
•	access, edit or delete Social Content in response to a request from a social media network, data indexing or data aggregation service, Social Content owner or a takedown request under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act; 
•	instruct Customer to edit or delete Social Content if Customer exports Social Content; and
•	delete or restrict further access to Social Content after the Online Service has been terminated or expires. 
Table of Contents / General Terms
Office 365 Services
Notices
The Bing Maps Notices in Attachment 1 apply. Any onboarding, migration, or deployment services provided to Customer are subject to the Professional Services Notice in Attachment 1.

Core Features for Office 365 Services
During the term of Customer’s subscription, the Office 365 Services will substantially conform to the Core Features description provided (if any) in the Office 365 service-specific sections below, subject to Product restrictions or external factors (such as the recipient, message rate, message size and mailbox size limits for e-mail; default or Customer-imposed data retention policies; search limits; storage limits; Customer or end user configurations; and meeting capacity limits). Microsoft may permanently eliminate a functionality specified below only if it provides Customer a reasonable alternative functionality.

Administration Portal
Customer will be able to add and remove end users and domains, manage licenses, and create groups through the Microsoft Online Services Portal or its successor site.

 
Subscription License Suites
In addition to User SLs, refer to Attachment 2 for other SLs that fulfill requirements for Office 365 Services.

Microsoft Teams
Notice: The H.264/MPEG-4 AVC Notice in Attachment 1 applies to all Office 365 Services that include Microsoft Teams.

Yammer
For Office 365 Services that include Yammer, External Users invited to Yammer via external network functionality do not need User SLs.

	Exchange Online
 
Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection
Office 365 Threat Intelligence
Data Loss Prevention
Exchange Online Archiving for Exchange Online
Exchange Online Archiving for Exchange Server
Exchange Online S1
Exchange Online (Plan 1 and Plan 2)
 

Core Features for Office 365 Services – Exchange Online
Exchange Online or its successor service will have the following Core Features capabilities:

Emails
An end user will be able to send email messages, receive email messages that originate from within and outside of Customer’s organization, and access the end user’s mailbox.

Mobile and Web Browser Access
Through the Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync protocol or a successor protocol or technology, Exchange Online will enable an end user to send and receive emails and update and view calendars from a mobile device that adequately supports such a protocol or technology. An end user will be able to send email messages, receive email messages that originate from within and outside of Customer’s organization, and access the end user’s mailbox, all from within a compatible web browser.

Retention Policies
Customer will be able to establish archive and deletion policies for email messages.

Deleted Item and Mailbox Recovery
Customer will be able to recover the contents of a deleted non-shared mailbox and an end user will be able to recover an item that has been deleted from one of the end user’s email folders.

Multi-Mailbox Search
Customer will be able to search for content across multiple mailboxes within its organization.

Calendar
An end user will be able to view a calendar and schedule appointments, meetings, and automatic replies to incoming email messages.

Contacts
Through an Exchange Online-provided user interface, Customer will be able to create and manage distribution groups and an organization-wide directory of mail-enabled end users, distribution groups, and external contacts.

Core Features for Office 365 Services – Exchange Online Archiving
Exchange Online Archiving or its successor service will have the following Core Features capabilities:

Storage
Customer will be able to allow an end user to store email messages.

Retention Policies
Customer will be able to establish archive and deletion policies for email messages distinct from policies that an end user can apply to the end user’s own mailbox.

Deleted Item and Mailbox Recovery
Customer, through Office 365 support services, will be able to recover a deleted archive mailbox, and an end user will be able to recover an item that has been deleted from one of the end user’s email folders in the end user’s archive.

Multi-Mailbox Search
Customer will be able to search for content across multiple mailboxes within its organization.

Legal Hold
Customer will be able to place a “legal hold” on an end user’s primary mailbox and archive mailbox to preserve the content of those mailboxes.

Archiving
Archiving may be used for messaging storage only with Exchange Online Plans 1 and 2.

Archiving for Exchange Server
Users licensed for Exchange Server 2013 Standard Client Access License may access the Exchange Server 2013 Enterprise Client Access License features necessary to support use of Exchange Online Archiving for Exchange Server.

Exchange Online Plan 2 from Exchange Hosted Archive Migration
Exchange Online Plan 2 is a successor Online Service to Exchange Hosted Archive. If Customer renews from Exchange Hosted Archive into Exchange Online Plan 2 and has not yet migrated to Exchange Online Plan 2, Customer’s licensed users may continue to use the Exchange Hosted Archive service subject to the terms of the March 2011 Product Use Rights until the earlier of Customer’s migration to Exchange Online Plan 2 or the expiration of Customer’s Exchange Online Plan 2 User SLs. The Product Use Rights is located at http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9839206.

Data Loss Prevention Device License
If Customer is licensed for Data Loss Prevention by Device, all users of the Licensed Device are licensed for the Online Service.

Service Level Agreement
There is no SLA for Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection or Office 365 Threat Intelligence.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Office 365 Applications
 
Office 365 Business
Office 365 ProPlus
Visio Pro for Office 365 

Service Level Agreement
There is no SLA for Visio Pro for Office 365.

Installation and Use Rights 
Each user to whom Customer assigns a User SL must have a Microsoft Account in order to use the software provided with the subscription. These users:
•	may activate the software provided with the SL on up to five concurrent OSEs for local or remote use;
•	may also install and use the software, with shared computer activation, on a shared device, a network server, or on shared servers with a qualified cloud partner. A list of qualified cloud partners and additional deployment requirements is available at www.office.com/sca. For the purpose of this use right “network server” means a physical hardware server solely dedicated to Customer use. This shared computer activation provision does not apply to Customers license for Office 365 Business; and
•	must connect each device upon which user has installed the software to the Internet at least once every 30 days or the functionality of the software may be affected.

The following terms apply only to Office 365 Business and Office 365 ProPlus
Smartphone and Tablet Devices
Each user to whom Customer assigns a User SL may also activate Microsoft Office Mobile software to use on up to five smartphones and five tablets.

The following terms apply only to Office 365 ProPlus
Office Home & Student 2013 RT Commercial Use
Each User SL for Office 365 ProPlus modifies the user’s right to use the software under a separately acquired Office Home & Student 2013 RT license by waiving the prohibition against commercial use. Except for this allowance for commercial use of the software, all use is subject to the terms and use rights provided with the Office Home & Student 2013 RT License.

Office Online Server
For each Office 365 ProPlus subscription, Customer may install any number of copies of Office Online Server on any Server dedicated to Customer’s use. Each Office 365 ProPlus user may use the Office Online Server software. This provision does not apply to Customers that license this Product under the Microsoft Online Subscription Agreement or other Microsoft agreement that cover Online Services only.

Subscription License Suites
In addition to Office 365 ProPlus User SLs, Customer may fulfill the SL requirement for this Product by purchasing a Suite SL (refer Attachment 2).
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Microsoft MyAnalytics
Service Level Agreement
There is no SLA for Microsoft MyAnalytics.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Office Online
Core Features for Office 365 Services
Office Online or its successor service will have the following Core Features capabilities:
An end user will be able to create, view, and edit documents in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote file types that are supported by Office Online or its successor service.

External Users
External Users invited to site collections via Share-by-Mail functionality do not need User SLs with Office Online.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	OneDrive for Business
External Users
External Users invited to site collections via Share-by-Mail functionality do not need User SLs with OneDrive for Business.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Project Online
 
Project Online Essentials
Project Online Professional
Project Online Premium
 

Installation and Use Rights for Project application
Each user to whom Customer assigns a Project Online Professional or Project Online Premium User SL must have a Microsoft Account in order to use the software provided with the subscription. These users:
•	may activate the software provided with the SL on up to five concurrent OSEs for local or remote use;
•	may also install and use the software, with shared computer activation, on a shared device, a network server, or on shared servers with a qualified cloud partner. A list of qualified cloud partners and additional deployment requirements is available at www.office.com/sca. For the purpose of this use right “network server” means a physical hardware server solely dedicated to Customer use; and
•	must connect each device upon which user has installed the software to the Internet at least once every 30 days or the functionality of the software may be affected.

Table of Contents / General Terms
	SharePoint Online
 
Duet Enterprise Online for Microsoft SharePoint and SAP
SharePoint Online S1
SharePoint Online (Plan 1 and Plan 2)
 

Core Features for Office 365 Services
SharePoint Online or its successor service will have the following Core Features capabilities:

 
Collaboration Sites
An end user will be able to create a web browser-accessible site through which the end user can upload and share content and manage who has permission to access that site.

Storage
Customer will be able to set storage capacity limits for a site created by an end user.

External Users
External Users invited to site collections via Share-by-Mail functionality do not need User SLs with SharePoint Online S1, Plan 1 and Plan 2. 

Storage Add-on SLs
Office 365 Extra File Storage is required for each gigabyte of storage in excess of the storage provided with User SLs for SharePoint Online Plans 1 and 2.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Skype for Business Online
 
Skype for Business Online (Plan 1 and Plan 2)
Skype for Business Online Cloud PBX
 

Notices
The H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and/or VC-1 Notices in Attachment 1 apply.

Core Features for Office 365 Services
Skype for Business Online Plan 1 and Plan 2 or their successor services will have the following Core Features capabilities:

Instant Messaging
An end user will be able to transfer a text message to another end user in real time over an Internet Protocol network.

Presence
An end user will be able to set and display the end user’s availability and view another end user’s availability.

Online Meetings
An end user will be able to conduct an Internet-based meeting that has audio and video conferencing functionality with other end users.

External Users and users not authenticated by Skype for Business Online
User SLs are not required for External Users and users not authenticated by the Skype for Business Online service.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Skype for Business Online PSTN Services
 
Skype for Business Online PSTN Calling
Skype for Business Online PSTN Conferencing
Skype for Business PSTN Consumption
 

PSTN Services 
Skype for Business Online PSTN Services (“PSTN Services”) enable users to communicate with others via the worldwide voice telephone network known generally as the Public Switched Telephone Network. PSTN Services are provided by the Microsoft Affiliate authorized to provide them.  Pricing for PSTN Services may include applicable taxes and fees.  The terms of use of PSTN may vary from country to country. All included taxes, fees and country-specific terms of use are disclosed on the Volume Licensing site (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=690247).

Exceeding the usage limitations for the applicable PSTN Service subscription plan as described in the terms of use may result in suspension of the services. Microsoft will provide reasonable notice before suspending PSTN Services, and customer will be able to make emergency calls during any period of suspension.

Important Information About Emergency Services
Customer must notify each user of Skype for Business Online PSTN Calling that Emergency Services operate differently than on traditional telephone services in the following ways: (i) Skype for Business may not know the actual location of an Emergency Services caller, which could result in the call being routed to the wrong Emergency Services call center and/or emergency services being dispatched to the wrong location; (ii) if the user’s device has no power, is experiencing a power outage or, for any reason, cannot otherwise access the Internet, the user cannot make an Emergency Services call through Skype for Business PSTN Calling services; and (iii) although Skype for Business Online PSTN Calling services can be used anywhere in the world where an Internet connection is available, users should not make an Emergency Services call from a location outside their home country because the call likely will not be routed to the appropriate call center in that location.

Table of Contents / General Terms
Other Online Services
	Bing Maps Enterprise Platform and Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform
Service SLs
A Service SL is required to access the services via the Bing Maps Enterprise Platform or Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform. Each Service SL must be purchased with at least one of the following qualifying Add-On SLs: 
•	For the Bing Maps Enterprise Platform Service SL, either:
o	Bing Maps Public Website Usage Add-on SL, which is available for a specified number of billable transactions for use on a website that is available publicly without restriction,
o	Bing Maps Internal Website Usage Add-on SL, which is available for a specified number of billable transactions for use on an internal website (e.g., intranet) on a private network,
o	Bing Maps Known User Add-on SL, or
o	Bing Maps Light Known User Add-on SL.
•	For the Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform Service SL; for each Asset either:
o	Bing Maps Asset Management for North America Add-on SL
o	Bing Maps Asset Management for Europe Add-on SL, or
o	Bing Maps Asset Management for Rest of World Add-on SL

Qualifying Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform Service SL Add-on SLs
For the Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform, an Add-on SL is required for each tracked Asset whose GPS or other sensor based position can be monitored, displayed, reverse geocoded or used to perform calculations using Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform. “Asset” is defined as any vehicle, device or other mobile object. These Add-on SLs are for a specified number of tracked Assets.

Authenticated Users
Users that are authenticated by Customer’s programs that access Bing Maps Enterprise Platform and Bing Maps Mobile Asset Management Platform must have a SL.

Bing Maps APIs
Customer may use all Bing Maps APIs in accordance with the Microsoft Bing Maps Platform API Terms of Use and Bing Maps Platform SDKs, including any successors thereto, located at https://aka.ms/bingmapsplatformapistou and https://aka.ms/bingmapsplatformsdks/.

Bing Maps Privacy
The Bing Privacy Statement and privacy terms in the Microsoft Bing Maps Platform API Terms of Use located at: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839 apply to Customer’s use of the Bing Maps Services.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Business Application Platform
 
Microsoft Flow
Microsoft PowerApps
Microsoft Power BI Pro
Microsoft Stream 

Notices
The Bing Maps, H.264/AVC Visual Standard, VC-1 Video Standard, and MPEG-4 Part 2 Visual Standard and MPEG-2 Video Standard Notices in Attachment 1 apply.
Table of Contents / General Terms
 
Kaizala
Service Level Agreement
There is no SLA for Kaizala.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Microsoft Cloud App Security
Notices
The Bing Maps and Professional Services notices in Attachment 1 apply.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Microsoft Intune
 
Microsoft Intune (per user)
Microsoft Intune Add-on for System Center Configuration
Microsoft Intune Add-on for System Center Configuration Manager and System Center Endpoint Protection (per user)
(“Microsoft Intune Add-On”) 

Notices
Any deployment services provided to Customer are subject to the Professional Services Notice in Attachment 1.

Manage Devices and Applications
Each user to whom Customer assigns a User SL may access and use the Online Service and related software (including System Center software) to manage applications and up to fifteen devices.

Storage Add-on SL
A Storage Add-on SL is required for each gigabyte of storage in excess of the storage provided with the base subscription.

Windows Software Components in System Center Software
The System Center software includes one or more of the following Windows Software Components: Microsoft .NET Framework, Microsoft Data Access Components, Powershell software and certain .dlls related to Microsoft Build, Windows Identity Foundation, Windows Library for JAVAScript, Debghelp.dll, and Web Deploy technologies. The license terms governing use of the Windows Software Components are in the Windows 8.1 Pro and Enterprise section of the Product Terms. The Product Terms is located at http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9839206.

SQL Server Technology and Benchmarking
The Software included with the Online Service includes SQL Server-branded components other than a SQL Server Database. Those components are licensed to Customer under the terms of their respective licenses, which can be found in the installation directory or unified installer of the software. Customer must obtain Microsoft’s prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of these components or the software that includes them.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Microsoft Learning 
Microsoft Learning E-Reference Library
Any person that has valid access to Customer’s computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for Customer’s internal reference purposes. Documentation does not include electronic books.

Microsoft Learning Imagine Academy Service SL
A Service SL is required for each Location that accesses or uses any Microsoft Imagine Academy service or benefit. Location is defined as a physical site with staff under the same administrator, such as a principal, in a single building or group of buildings located on the same campus.

Microsoft Learning Imagine Academy Program Guidelines
The Imagine Academy program guidelines, located at http://www.microsoft.com/itacademy, apply to Customer’s use of the Microsoft Learning Imagine Academy and its benefits.

Microsoft Learning Imagine Academy Program Benefits Provided by Third-Party
Program benefits may only be used by a licensed institution’s faculty, staff and students currently enrolled in the licensed institution.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Minecraft: Education Edition
Notices
The Bing Maps Notices in Attachment 1 apply.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Office 365 Developer
No Production Use of Office 365 Developer
Each user to whom Customer assigns a User SL may use the Online Service to design, develop, and test Customer’s applications to make them available for Customer’s Office 365 Online Services, on-premises deployments or for the Microsoft Office Store. The Online Service is not licensed for production use.

Office 365 Developer End Users
Customer’s end users do not need a SL to access Office 365 Developer to perform acceptance tests or provide feedback on Customer programs.
Table of Contents / General Terms
	Windows Desktop Operating System
Data Retention
The Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection portion of the product does not contain extractable Customer Data therefore the Customer Data extraction terms in the OST do not apply. 
Table of Contents / General Terms
 
Attachment 1 – Notices
Bing Maps
The Online Service or its included software includes use of Bing Maps. Any content provided through Bing Maps, including geocodes, can only be used within the product through which the content is provided. Customer’s use of Bing Maps is governed by the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use available at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837 and the Bing Maps Privacy Statement available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Professional Services
Customer may be eligible for Microsoft customer support and consulting services related to this Online Service. These services are “Professional Services” under Customer’s volume licensing agreement. If Customer’s volume licensing agreement covers Online Services only (and does not define Professional Services), then these services are provided subject to the “Professional Services Terms” below. 

The Professional Services to which this Notice applies are not Online Services, and the rest of the Online Services Terms, as well as any data processing amendment or HIPAA Business Associate Agreement signed by the parties, do not apply. Any information provided to Microsoft in connection with these Professional Services is protected under the confidentiality terms of Customer's volume licensing agreement. 

Additional terms may apply to these Professional Services, but only to the extent those terms don’t conflict with this Notice.  

Professional Services Terms
Definition
Any services to which this notice applies are defined, collectively, as “Professional Services”.

Obligations of the Parties
Microsoft warrants that all Professional Services will be performed with professional care and skill. If Microsoft fails to do so and Customer notifies Microsoft within 90 days of the date of performance, then Microsoft will either re-perform the Professional Services or return the price paid for them as Customer’s sole remedy for breach of the Professional Services warranty.

Customer will perform its applicable responsibilities and obligations to support Microsoft’s performance of the Professional Services, as specified in the description of each Professional Service. 

Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party’s total liability for all claims relating to Professional Services will be limited to the amounts Customer was required to pay for the Professional Services or the limitation of liability for the Online Service with which the Professional Services are offered, whichever is greater. In no event will either party be liable for indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages, including loss of use, loss of profits, or interruption of business, however caused or on any theory of liability in relation to the Professional Services. No limitation or exclusions will apply to liability arising out of either party’s (1) confidentiality obligations; or (2) violation of the other party’s intellectual property rights.

Fixes
“Fixes” are Product fixes, modifications or enhancements, or their derivatives, that Microsoft either releases generally (such as service packs) or that Microsoft provides to Customer to address a specific issue.  Each Fix, is licensed under the same terms as the Product to which it applies. If a Fix is not provided for a specific Product, any use terms Microsoft provides with the Fix will apply. 

Pre-Existing Work
“Pre-Existing Work” means any computer code or non-code based written materials developed or otherwise obtained independent of Customer’s volume licensing agreement. All rights in Pre-Existing Work shall remain the sole property of the party providing the Pre-Existing Work. Each party may use, reproduce and modify the other party’s Pre-Existing Work only as needed to perform obligations related to Professional Services. 

Services Deliverables
“Services Deliverables” means any computer code or materials other than Products or Fixes that Microsoft leaves with Customer at the conclusion of Microsoft’s performance of Professional Services. Microsoft grants Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual license to reproduce, use, and modify the Services Deliverables solely for Customer’s internal business purposes, subject to the terms and conditions in Customer’s volume licensing agreement.
 
Non-Microsoft Technology
Customer is solely responsible for any non-Microsoft software or technology that it installs or uses with the Online Services, Fixes, or Services Deliverables.

Affiliates’ Rights
Customer may sublicense the rights to use Services Deliverables to its Affiliates, but Customer’s Affiliates may not sublicense these rights. Customer is liable for ensuring its Affiliates’ compliance with the terms of this Notice and Customer’s volume licensing agreement.

Government Customers.
If Customer is a government entity, then the following terms apply to any Professional Services provided at no charge to Customer. Microsoft waives any and all entitlement to compensation from Customer for the Professional Services. In compliance with applicable laws and regulations, Microsoft and Customer acknowledge that the Professional Services are for the sole benefit and use of Customer and not provided for the personal use or benefit of any individual government employee.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Notice about Azure Media Services H.265/HEVC Encoding
Customer must obtain its own patent license(s) from any third party H.265/HEVC patent pools or rights holders before using Azure Media Services to encode or decode H.265/HEVC media.
Table of Contents / General Terms
Notice about H.264/AVC Visual Standard, VC-1 Video Standard, MPEG-4 Part Visual Standard and MPEG-2 Video Standard
This software may include H.264/AVC, VC-1, MPEG-4 Part 2, and MPEG-2 visual compression technology. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice:
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC, THE VC-1, THE MPEG-4 PART 2 AND MPEG-2 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ABOVE (VIDEO STANDARDS) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC, VC-1, MPEG-4 PART 2 AND MPEG-2 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. REFER TO www.mpegla.com. 
For clarification purposes, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties, or (ii) creation of content compliant with the VIDEO STANDARDS technologies for distribution to third parties.


Attachment 3 – The Standard Contractual Clauses (Processors)
For the purposes of Article 26(2) of Directive 95/46/EC for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third countries which do not ensure an adequate level of data protection, Customer (as data exporter) and Microsoft Corporation (as data importer, whose signature appears below), each a “party,” together “the parties,” have agreed on the following Contractual Clauses (the “Clauses” or “Standard Contractual Clauses”) in order to adduce adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals for the transfer by the data exporter to the data importer of the personal data specified in Appendix 1.

Clause 1: Definitions

(a) 'personal data', 'special categories of data', 'process/processing', 'controller', 'processor', 'data subject' and 'supervisory authority' shall have the same meaning as in Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data; 
(b) 'the data exporter' means the controller who transfers the personal data; 
(c) 'the data importer' means the processor who agrees to receive from the data exporter personal data intended for processing on his behalf after the transfer in accordance with his instructions and the terms of the Clauses and who is not subject to a third country's system ensuring adequate protection within the meaning of Article 25(1) of Directive 95/46/EC; 
(d) 'the subprocessor' means any processor engaged by the data importer or by any other subprocessor of the data importer who agrees to receive from the data importer or from any other subprocessor of the data importer personal data exclusively intended for processing activities to be carried out on behalf of the data exporter after the transfer in accordance with his instructions, the terms of the Clauses and the terms of the written subcontract; 
(e) 'the applicable data protection law' means the legislation protecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals and, in particular, their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal data applicable to a data controller in the Member State in which the data exporter is established; 
(f) 'technical and organisational security measures' means those measures aimed at protecting personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. 

Clause 2: Details of the transfer

The details of the transfer and in particular the special categories of personal data where applicable are specified in Appendix 1 below which forms an integral part of the Clauses.

Clause 3: Third-party beneficiary clause

1. The data subject can enforce against the data exporter this Clause, Clause 4(b) to (i), Clause 5(a) to (e), and (g) to (j), Clause 6(1) and (2), Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12 as third-party beneficiary. 
2. The data subject can enforce against the data importer this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6, Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where the data exporter has factually disappeared or has ceased to exist in law unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract or by operation of law, as a result of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the data exporter, in which case the data subject can enforce them against such entity. 
3. The data subject can enforce against the subprocessor this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6, Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where both the data exporter and the data importer have factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract or by operation of law as a result of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the data exporter, in which case the data subject can enforce them against such entity. Such third-party liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. 
4. The parties do not object to a data subject being represented by an association or other body if the data subject so expressly wishes and if permitted by national law. 

 
Clause 4: Obligations of the data exporter

The data exporter agrees and warrants: 

(a) that the processing, including the transfer itself, of the personal data has been and will continue to be carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable data protection law (and, where applicable, has been notified to the relevant authorities of the Member State where the data exporter is established) and does not violate the relevant provisions of that State; 
(b) that it has instructed and throughout the duration of the personal data processing services will instruct the data importer to process the personal data transferred only on the data exporter's behalf and in accordance with the applicable data protection law and the Clauses; 
(c) that the data importer will provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organisational security measures specified in Appendix 2 below; 
(d) that after assessment of the requirements of the applicable data protection law, the security measures are appropriate to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing, and that these measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation; 
(e) that it will ensure compliance with the security measures; 
(f) that, if the transfer involves special categories of data, the data subject has been informed or will be informed before, or as soon as possible after, the transfer that its data could be transmitted to a third country not providing adequate protection within the meaning of Directive 95/46/EC; 
(g) to forward any notification received from the data importer or any subprocessor pursuant to Clause 5(b) and Clause 8(3) to the data protection supervisory authority if the data exporter decides to continue the transfer or to lift the suspension; 
(h) to make available to the data subjects upon request a copy of the Clauses, with the exception of Appendix 2, and a summary description of the security measures, as well as a copy of any contract for subprocessing services which has to be made in accordance with the Clauses, unless the Clauses or the contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information; 
(i) that, in the event of subprocessing, the processing activity is carried out in accordance with Clause 11 by a subprocessor providing at least the same level of protection for the personal data and the rights of data subject as the data importer under the Clauses; and 
(j) that it will ensure compliance with Clause 4(a) to (i).

Clause 5: Obligations of the data importer

The data importer agrees and warrants: 

(a) to process the personal data only on behalf of the data exporter and in compliance with its instructions and the Clauses; if it cannot provide such compliance for whatever reasons, it agrees to inform promptly the data exporter of its inability to comply, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract; 
(b) that it has no reason to believe that the legislation applicable to it prevents it from fulfilling the instructions received from the data exporter and its obligations under the contract and that in the event of a change in this legislation which is likely to have a substantial adverse effect on the warranties and obligations provided by the Clauses, it will promptly notify the change to the data exporter as soon as it is aware, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the contract; 
(c) that it has implemented the technical and organisational security measures specified in Appendix 2 before processing the personal data transferred; 
(d) that it will promptly notify the data exporter about: 
(i) any legally binding request for disclosure of the personal data by a law enforcement authority unless otherwise prohibited, such as a prohibition under criminal law to preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation, 
(ii) any accidental or unauthorised access, and 
(iii) any request received directly from the data subjects without responding to that request, unless it has been otherwise authorised to do so; 
(e) to deal promptly and properly with all inquiries from the data exporter relating to its processing of the personal data subject to the transfer and to abide by the advice of the supervisory authority with regard to the processing of the data transferred; 
(f) at the request of the data exporter to submit its data processing facilities for audit of the processing activities covered by the Clauses which shall be carried out by the data exporter or an inspection body composed of independent members and in possession of the required professional qualifications bound by a duty of confidentiality, selected by the data exporter, where applicable, in agreement with the supervisory authority; 
(g) to make available to the data subject upon request a copy of the Clauses, or any existing contract for subprocessing, unless the Clauses or contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial information, with the exception of Appendix 2 which shall be replaced by a summary description of the security measures in those cases where the data subject is unable to obtain a copy from the data exporter; 
(h) that, in the event of subprocessing, it has previously informed the data exporter and obtained its prior written consent; 
(i) that the processing services by the subprocessor will be carried out in accordance with Clause 11; and
(j) to send promptly a copy of any subprocessor agreement it concludes under the Clauses to the data exporter.

Clause 6: Liability

1. The parties agree that any data subject who has suffered damage as a result of any breach of the obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11 by any party or subprocessor is entitled to receive compensation from the data exporter for the damage suffered. 
2. If a data subject is not able to bring a claim for compensation in accordance with paragraph 1 against the data exporter, arising out of a breach by the data importer or his subprocessor of any of their obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11, because the data exporter has factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or has become insolvent, the data importer agrees that the data subject may issue a claim against the data importer as if it were the data exporter, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract of by operation of law, in which case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity. 
The data importer may not rely on a breach by a subprocessor of its obligations in order to avoid its own liabilities. 
3. If a data subject is not able to bring a claim against the data exporter or the data importer referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2, arising out of a breach by the subprocessor of any of their obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11 because both the data exporter and the data importer have factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, the subprocessor agrees that the data subject may issue a claim against the data subprocessor with regard to its own processing operations under the Clauses as if it were the data exporter or the data importer, unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data importer by contract or by operation of law, in which case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity. The liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. 

Clause 7: Mediation and jurisdiction

1. The data importer agrees that if the data subject invokes against it third-party beneficiary rights and/or claims compensation for damages under the Clauses, the data importer will accept the decision of the data subject: 
(a) to refer the dispute to mediation, by an independent person or, where applicable, by the supervisory authority; 
(b) to refer the dispute to the courts in the Member State in which the data exporter is established. 
2. The parties agree that the choice made by the data subject will not prejudice its substantive or procedural rights to seek remedies in accordance with other provisions of national or international law. 

Clause 8: Cooperation with supervisory authorities

1. The data exporter agrees to deposit a copy of this contract with the supervisory authority if it so requests or if such deposit is required under the applicable data protection law. 
2. The parties agree that the supervisory authority has the right to conduct an audit of the data importer, and of any subprocessor, which has the same scope and is subject to the same conditions as would apply to an audit of the data exporter under the applicable data protection law. 
3. The data importer shall promptly inform the data exporter about the existence of legislation applicable to it or any subprocessor preventing the conduct of an audit of the data importer, or any subprocessor, pursuant to paragraph 2. In such a case the data exporter shall be entitled to take the measures foreseen in Clause 5 (b). 

Clause 9: Governing Law.

The Clauses shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established. 

Clause 10: Variation of the contract

The parties undertake not to vary or modify the Clauses. This does not preclude the parties from adding clauses on business related issues where required as long as they do not contradict the Clause. 

Clause 11: Subprocessing

1. The data importer shall not subcontract any of its processing operations performed on behalf of the data exporter under the Clauses without the prior written consent of the data exporter. Where the data importer subcontracts its obligations under the Clauses, with the consent of the data exporter, it shall do so only by way of a written agreement with the subprocessor which imposes the same obligations on the subprocessor as are imposed on the data importer under the Clauses. Where the subprocessor fails to fulfil its data protection obligations under such written agreement the data importer shall remain fully liable to the data exporter for the performance of the subprocessor's obligations under such agreement. 
2. The prior written contract between the data importer and the subprocessor shall also provide for a third-party beneficiary clause as laid down in Clause 3 for cases where the data subject is not able to bring the claim for compensation referred to in paragraph 1 of Clause 6 against the data exporter or the data importer because they have factually disappeared or have ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent and no successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data importer by contract or by operation of law. Such third-party liability of the subprocessor shall be limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses. 
3. The provisions relating to data protection aspects for subprocessing of the contract referred to in paragraph 1 shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established. 
4. The data exporter shall keep a list of subprocessing agreements concluded under the Clauses and notified by the data importer pursuant to Clause 5 (j), which shall be updated at least once a year. The list shall be available to the data exporter's data protection supervisory authority. 

Clause 12: Obligation after the termination of personal data processing services

1. The parties agree that on the termination of the provision of data processing services, the data importer and the subprocessor shall, at the choice of the data exporter, return all the personal data transferred and the copies thereof to the data exporter or shall destroy all the personal data and certify to the data exporter that it has done so, unless legislation imposed upon the data importer prevents it from returning or destroying all or part of the personal data transferred. In that case, the data importer warrants that it will guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data transferred and will not actively process the personal data transferred anymore. 
2. The data importer and the subprocessor warrant that upon request of the data exporter and/or of the supervisory authority, it will submit its data processing facilities for an audit of the measures referred to in paragraph 1.

Appendix 1 to the Standard Contractual Clauses

Data exporter: Customer is the data exporter. The data exporter is a user of Online Services as defined in the section of the OST entitled “Data Processing Terms.” 
Data importer: The data importer is MICROSOFT CORPORATION, a global producer of software and services. 
Data subjects: Data subjects include the data exporter’s representatives and end-users including employees, contractors, collaborators, and customers of the data exporter. Data subjects may also include individuals attempting to communicate or transfer personal information to users of the services provided by data importer. 
Categories of data: The personal data transferred includes e-mail, documents and other data in an electronic form in the context of the Online Services. 
Processing operations: The personal data transferred will be subject to the following basic processing activities: 
a. Duration and Object of Data Processing. The duration of data processing shall be for the term designated under the applicable volume licensing agreement between data exporter and the Microsoft entity to which these Standard Contractual Clauses are annexed (“Microsoft”). The objective of the data processing is the performance of Online Services. 
b. Scope and Purpose of Data Processing. The scope and purpose of processing personal data is described in the DPT. The data importer operates a global network of data centers and management/support facilities, and processing may take place in any jurisdiction where data importer or its sub-processors operate such facilities. 
c. Customer Data Access. For the term designated under the applicable volume licensing agreement data importer will at its election and as necessary under applicable law implementing Article 12(b) of the EU Data Protection Directive, either: (1) provide data exporter with the ability to correct, delete, or block Customer Data, or (2) make such corrections, deletions, or blockages on its behalf. 
d. Data Exporter’s Instructions. For Online Services, data importer will only act upon data exporter’s instructions as conveyed by Microsoft. 
e. Customer Data Deletion or Return. Upon expiration or termination of data exporter’s use of Online Services, it may extract Customer Data and data importer will delete Customer Data, each in accordance with the OST applicable to the agreement. 
Subcontractors: The data importer may hire other companies to provide limited services on data importer’s behalf, such as providing customer support. Any such subcontractors will be permitted to obtain Customer Data only to deliver the services the data importer has retained them to provide, and they are prohibited from using Customer Data for any other purpose.

Appendix 2 to the Standard Contractual Clauses

Description of the technical and organizational security measures implemented by the data importer in accordance with Clauses 4(d) and 5(c):
1. Personnel. Data importer’s personnel will not process Customer Data without authorization. Personnel are obligated to maintain the confidentiality of any Customer Data and this obligation continues even after their engagement ends. 
2. Data Privacy Contact. The data privacy officer of the data importer can be reached at the following address: 
Microsoft Corporation 
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer 
1 Microsoft Way 
Redmond, WA 98052 USA 
3. Technical and Organization Measures. The data importer has implemented and will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures, internal controls, and information security routines intended to protect Customer Data, as defined in the DPT, against accidental loss, destruction, or alteration; unauthorized disclosure or access; or unlawful destruction as follows: The technical and organizational measures, internal controls, and information security routines set forth in the DPT are hereby incorporated into this Appendix 2 by this reference and are binding on the data importer as if they were set forth in this Appendix 2 in their entirety.
Signature of Microsoft Corporation appears on the following page.
 

RCW 59.12.010
Forcible entry defined.
Every person is guilty of a forcible entry who either—(1) By breaking open windows, doors or other parts of a house, or by fraud, intimidation or stealth, or by any kind of violence or circumstance of terror, enters upon or into any real property; or—(2) Who, after entering peaceably upon real property, turns out by force, threats or menacing conduct the party in actual possession.
[ 1891 c 96 § 1; RRS § 810. Prior: 1890 p 73 § 1.]


RCW 59.12.020
Forcible detainer defined.
Every person is guilty of a forcible detainer who either—(1) By force, or by menaces and threats of violence, unlawfully holds and keeps the possession of any real property, whether the same was acquired peaceably or otherwise; or—(2) Who in the nighttime, or during the absence of the occupant of any real property, enters thereon, and who, after demand made for the surrender thereof, refuses for the period of three days to surrender the same to such former occupant. The occupant of real property within the meaning of this subdivision is one who for the five days next preceding such unlawful entry was in the peaceable and undisturbed possession of such real property.
[ 1891 c 96 § 2; RRS § 811. Prior: 1890 p 73 § 2.]


RCW 59.12.030
Unlawful detainer defined.
A tenant of real property for a term less than life is liable for unlawful detainer either:
(1) When he or she holds over or continues in possession, in person or by subtenant, of the property or any part thereof after the expiration of the term for which it is let to him or her. When real property is leased for a specified term or period by express or implied contract, whether written or oral, the tenancy shall be terminated without notice at the expiration of the specified term or period;
(2) When he or she, having leased property for an indefinite time with monthly or other periodic rent reserved, continues in possession thereof, in person or by subtenant, after the end of any such month or period, when the landlord, more than twenty days prior to the end of such month or period, has served notice (in manner in RCW 59.12.040 provided) requiring him or her to quit the premises at the expiration of such month or period;
(3) When he or she continues in possession in person or by subtenant after a default in the payment of rent, and after notice in writing requiring in the alternative the payment of the rent or the surrender of the detained premises, served (in manner in RCW 59.12.040 provided) on behalf of the person entitled to the rent upon the person owing it, has remained uncomplied with for the period of three days after service, or for the period of fourteen days after service for tenancies under chapter 59.18 RCW. The notice may be served at any time after the rent becomes due. For the purposes of this subsection and as applied to tenancies under chapter 59.18 RCW, "rent" has the same meaning as defined in RCW 59.18.030;
(4) When he or she continues in possession in person or by subtenant after a neglect or failure to keep or perform any condition or covenant of the lease or agreement under which the property is held, including any covenant not to assign or sublet, other than one for the payment of rent, and after notice in writing requiring in the alternative the performance of such condition or covenant or the surrender of the property, served (in manner in RCW 59.12.040 provided) upon him or her, and if there is a subtenant in actual possession of the premises, also upon such subtenant, shall remain uncomplied with for ten days after service thereof. Within ten days after the service of such notice the tenant, or any subtenant in actual occupation of the premises, or any mortgagee of the term, or other person interested in its continuance, may perform such condition or covenant and thereby save the lease from such forfeiture. For the purposes of this subsection and as applied to tenancies under chapter 59.18 RCW, "rent" has the same meaning as defined in RCW 59.18.030;
(5) When he or she commits or permits waste upon the demised premises, or when he or she sets up or carries on thereon any unlawful business, or when he or she erects, suffers, permits, or maintains on or about the premises any nuisance, and remains in possession after the service (in manner in RCW 59.12.040 provided) upon him or her of three days' notice to quit;
(6) A person who, without the permission of the owner and without having color of title thereto, enters upon land of another and who fails or refuses to remove therefrom after three days' notice, in writing and served upon him or her in the manner provided in RCW 59.12.040. Such person may also be subject to the criminal provisions of chapter 9A.52 RCW; or
(7) When he or she commits or permits any gang-related activity at the premises as prohibited by RCW 59.18.130.
[ 2019 c 356 § 2; 1998 c 276 § 6; 1983 c 264 § 1; 1953 c 106 § 1. Prior: 1905 c 86 § 1; 1891 c 96 § 3; 1890 p 73 § 3; RRS § 812.]
NOTES:
Intent—2019 c 356: "It is declared to be the public policy of the state and a recognized governmental function to assist residents who are experiencing a temporary crisis in retaining stable housing, and by so doing to contribute to the general welfare. Decent housing for the people of Washington state is a most important public concern. An escalation of rents and scarcity of housing supply have made it difficult for many Washingtonians to obtain stable housing, especially if they lose housing after experiencing an extraordinary life event that temporarily leaves them without resources and income. It is the long-standing practice of the state to make rental assistance available in many such urgent situations, and it is the intent of the legislature to provide a payment on the tenant's behalf to the landlord in certain eviction proceedings to give the tenant additional time to access resources that allow the tenants to stay in their home." [ 2019 c 356 § 1.]
Termination of month to month tenancy: RCW 59.04.020, 59.18.200.
Unlawful detainer defined: RCW 59.16.010.


RCW 59.12.032
Unlawful detainer action—Compliance with RCW 61.24.040 and 61.24.060.
An unlawful detainer action, commenced as a result of a trustee's sale under chapter 61.24 RCW, must comply with the requirements of RCW 61.24.040 and 61.24.060.
[ 2009 c 292 § 11.]


RCW 59.12.035
Holding over on agricultural land, effect of.
In all cases of tenancy upon agricultural lands, where the tenant has held over and retained possession for more than sixty days after the expiration of his or her term without any demand or notice to quit by his or her landlord or the successor in estate of his or her landlord, if any there be, he or she shall be deemed to be holding by permission of his or her landlord or the successor in estate of his or her landlord, if any there be, and shall be entitled to hold under the terms of the lease for another full year, and shall not be guilty of an unlawful detainer during said year, and such holding over for the period aforesaid shall be taken and construed as a consent on the part of a tenant to hold for another year.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19006; 1891 c 96 § 4; RRS § 813. Formerly RCW 59.04.060.]


RCW 59.12.040
Service of notice—Proof of service.
Any notice provided for in this chapter shall be served either (1) by delivering a copy personally to the person entitled thereto; or (2) if he or she be absent from the premises unlawfully held, by leaving there a copy, with some person of suitable age and discretion, and sending a copy through the mail addressed to the person entitled thereto at his or her place of residence; or (3) if the person to be notified be a tenant, or an unlawful holder of premises, and his or her place of residence is not known, or if a person of suitable age and discretion there cannot be found then by affixing a copy of the notice in a conspicuous place on the premises unlawfully held, and also delivering a copy to a person there residing, if such a person can be found, and also sending a copy through the mail addressed to the tenant, or unlawful occupant, at the place where the premises unlawfully held are situated. Service upon a subtenant may be made in the same manner: PROVIDED, That in cases where the tenant or unlawful occupant, shall be conducting a hotel, inn, lodging house, boarding house, or shall be renting rooms while still retaining control of the premises as a whole, that the guests, lodgers, boarders, or persons renting such rooms shall not be considered as subtenants within the meaning of this chapter, but all such persons may be served by affixing a copy of the notice to be served in two conspicuous places upon the premises unlawfully held; and such persons shall not be necessary parties defendant in an action to recover possession of said premises. Service of any notice provided for in this chapter may be had upon a corporation by delivering a copy thereof to any officer, agent, or person having charge of the business of such corporation, at the premises unlawfully held, and in case no such officer, agent, or person can be found upon such premises, then service may be had by affixing a copy of such notice in a conspicuous place upon said premises and by sending a copy through the mail addressed to such corporation at the place where said premises are situated. Proof of any service under this section may be made by the affidavit of the person making the same in like manner and with like effect as the proof of service of summons in civil actions. When a copy of notice is sent through the mail, as provided in this section, service shall be deemed complete when such copy is deposited in the United States mail in the county in which the property is situated properly addressed with postage prepaid: PROVIDED, HOWEVER, That when service is made by mail one additional day shall be allowed before the commencement of an action based upon such notice. RCW 59.18.375 may also apply to notice given under this chapter.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19007; 1983 c 264 § 2; 1911 c 26 § 1; 1905 c 86 § 2; 1891 c 96 § 5; RRS § 814. Prior: 1890 p 75 § 4.]


RCW 59.12.050
Jurisdiction of proceedings.
The superior court of the county in which the property or some part of it is situated shall have jurisdiction of proceedings under this chapter.
[ 1891 c 96 § 6; RRS § 815. Prior: 1890 p 75 § 5.]
NOTES:
Venue and jurisdiction, generally: RCW 2.08.010 and chapter 4.12 RCW.


RCW 59.12.060
Parties defendant.
No person other than the tenant of the premises, and subtenant, if there be one, in the actual occupation of the premises when the complaint is filed, need be made parties defendant in any proceeding under this chapter, nor shall any proceeding abate, nor the plaintiff be nonsuited, for the nonjoinder of any person who might have been made party defendant; but when it appears that any of the parties served with process, or appearing in the proceeding, are guilty of the offense charged, judgment must be rendered against him or her. In case a person has become a subtenant of the premises in controversy after the service of any notice in this chapter provided for, the fact that such notice was not served on such subtenant shall constitute no defense to the action. All persons who enter the premises under the tenant, after the commencement of the action hereunder, shall be bound by the judgment the same as if they had been made parties to the action.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19008; 1891 c 96 § 7; RRS § 816. Prior: 1890 p 75 § 6.]


RCW 59.12.070
Complaint—Summons.
The plaintiff in his or her complaint, which shall be in writing, must set forth the facts on which he or she seeks to recover, and describe the premises with reasonable certainty, and may set forth therein any circumstances of fraud, force or violence, which may have accompanied the forcible entry or forcible or unlawful detainer, and claim damages therefor, or compensation for the occupation of the premises, or both; in case the unlawful detainer charged be after default in the payment of rent, the complaint must state the amount of such rent. A summons must be issued as in other cases, returnable at a day designated therein, which shall not be less than seven nor more than thirty days from the date of service, except in cases where the publication of summons is necessary, in which case the court or judge thereof may order that the summons be made returnable at such time as may be deemed proper, and the summons shall specify the return day so fixed.
[ 2005 c 130 § 1; 1927 c 123 § 1; 1891 c 96 § 8; RRS § 817. Prior: 1890 p 75 § 7.]


RCW 59.12.080
Summons—Contents—Service.
The summons must state the names of the parties to the proceeding, the court in which the same is brought, the nature of the action, in concise terms, and the relief sought, and also the return day; and must notify the defendant to appear and answer within the time designated or that the relief sought will be taken against him or her. The summons must be directed to the defendant, and in case of summons by publication, be served at least five days before the return day designated therein. The summons must be served and returned in the same manner as summons in other actions is served and returned.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19009; 1927 c 123 § 2; 1891 c 96 § 9; RRS § 818. Prior: 1890 p 76 § 8.]
NOTES:
Summons, generally: RCW 4.28.080 through 4.28.110.


RCW 59.12.085
Alternative service of summons—Limitation on jurisdiction.
(1) When the plaintiff, after the exercise of due diligence, is unable to personally serve the summons on the defendant or defendants, the court may authorize the alternative means of service described in this section.
(2) Upon filing of an affidavit from the person or persons attempting service describing those attempts, and the filing of an affidavit from the plaintiff, plaintiff's agent, or plaintiff's attorney stating the belief that the defendant or defendants cannot be found, the court may enter an order authorizing service of the summons as follows:
(a) The summons and complaint must be posted in a conspicuous place on the premises unlawfully held not less than nine days from the return date stated in the summons; and
(b) Copies of the summons and complaint must be deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, by both regular mail and certified mail directed to the defendant or defendants' last known address not less than nine days from the return date stated in the summons.
(3) When service on the defendant or defendants is accomplished by this alternative procedure, the court's jurisdiction is limited to restoring possession of the premises to the plaintiff and no money judgment may be entered against the defendant or defendants until jurisdiction over the defendant or defendants is obtained.
[ 2014 c 3 § 1.]


RCW 59.12.090
Writ of restitution—Bond.
The plaintiff at the time of commencing an action of forcible entry or detainer or unlawful detainer, or at any time afterwards, may apply to the judge of the court in which the action is pending for a writ of restitution restoring to the plaintiff the property in the complaint described, and the judge shall order a writ of restitution to issue. The writ shall be issued by the clerk of the superior court in which the action is pending, and be returnable in twenty days after its date; but before any writ shall issue prior to judgment the plaintiff shall execute to the defendant and file in court a bond in such sum as the court or judge may order, with sufficient surety to be approved by the clerk, conditioned that the plaintiff will prosecute his or her action without delay, and will pay all costs that may be adjudged to the defendant, and all damages which he or she may sustain by reason of the writ of restitution having been issued, should the same be wrongfully sued out.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19010; 1927 c 123 § 3; 1891 c 96 § 10; RRS § 819. Prior: 1890 p 77 § 9.]


RCW 59.12.100
Service of writ—Bond to stay writ.
The sheriff shall, upon receiving the writ of restitution, forthwith serve a copy thereof upon the defendant, his or her agent or attorney, or a person in possession of the premises, and shall not execute the same for three days thereafter, nor until after the defendant has been served with summons in the action as hereinabove provided, and the defendant, or person in possession of the premises within three days after the service of the writ of restitution may execute to the plaintiff a bond to be filed with and approved by the clerk of the court in such sum as may be fixed by the judge, with sufficient surety to be approved by the clerk of said court, conditioned that he or she will pay to the plaintiff such sum as the plaintiff may recover for the use and occupation of the said premises, or any rent found due, together with all damages the plaintiff may sustain by reason of the defendant occupying or keeping possession of said premises, and also all the costs of the action. The plaintiff, his or her agent or attorneys, shall have notice of the time and place where the court or judge thereof shall fix the amount of the defendant's bond, and shall have notice and a reasonable opportunity to examine into the qualification and sufficiency of the sureties upon said bond before said bond shall be approved by the clerk. The writ may be served by the sheriff, in the event he or she shall be unable to find the defendant, an agent or attorney, or a person in possession of the premises, by affixing a copy of said writ in a conspicuous place upon the premises.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19011; 1927 c 123 § 4; 1905 c 86 § 3; 1891 c 96 § 11; RRS § 820. Prior: 1890 p 77 § 10.]


RCW 59.12.110
Modification of bond.
The plaintiff or defendant at any time, upon two days' notice to the adverse party, may apply to the court or any judge thereof for an order raising or lowering the amount of any bond in this chapter provided for. Either party may, upon like notice, apply to the court or any judge thereof for an order requiring additional or other surety or sureties upon any such bond. Upon the hearing or any application made under the provisions of this section evidence may be given. The judge after hearing any such application shall make such an order as shall be just in the premises. The bondspersons may be required to be present at such hearing if so required in the notice thereof, and shall answer under oath all questions that may be asked them touching their qualifications as bondspersons, and in the event the bondspersons shall fail or refuse to appear at such hearing and so answer such questions the bond shall be stricken. In the event the court shall order a new or additional bond to be furnished by defendant, and the same shall not be given within twenty-four hours, the court shall order the sheriff to forthwith execute the writ. In the event the defendant shall file a second or additional bond and it shall also be found insufficient after hearing, as above provided, the right to retain the premises by bond shall be lost and the sheriff shall forthwith put the plaintiff in possession of the premises.
[ 2007 c 218 § 77; 1905 c 86 § 4; 1891 c 96 § 12; RRS § 821. Prior: 1890 p 78 § 11.]
NOTES:
Intent—Finding—2007 c 218: See note following RCW 1.08.130.


RCW 59.12.120
Judgment by default.
If on the date appointed in the summons the defendant does not appear or answer, the court shall render judgment in favor of the plaintiff as prayed for in the complaint.
[ 1989 c 342 § 2; 1891 c 96 § 13; RRS § 822. FORMER PART OF SECTION: 1891 c 96 § 14 now codified as RCW 59.12.121.]
NOTES:
Effective date—1989 c 342: See RCW 59.18.911.


RCW 59.12.121
Pleading by defendant.
On or before the day fixed for his or her appearance the defendant may appear and answer or demur.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19012; 1891 c 96 § 14; RRS § 823. Formerly RCW 59.12.120, part.]


RCW 59.12.130
Jury—Actions given preference.
Whenever an issue of fact is presented by the pleadings it must be tried by a jury, unless such a jury be waived as in other cases. The jury shall be formed in the same manner as other trial juries in the court in which the action is pending; and in all cases actions under this chapter shall take precedence of all other civil actions.
[ 1891 c 96 § 15; RRS § 824. Prior: 1890 p 79 § 15.]


RCW 59.12.140
Proof in forcible entry and detainer.
On the trial of any proceeding for any forcible entry or forcible detainer the plaintiff shall only be required to show, in addition to a forcible entry complained of, that he or she was peaceably in the actual possession at the time of the forcible entry; or, in addition to a forcible detainer complained of, that he or she was entitled to the possession at the time of the forcible detainer.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19013; 1891 c 96 § 16; RRS § 825. Prior: 1890 p 79 § 16.]


RCW 59.12.150
Amendment to conform to proof.
When upon the trial of any proceeding under this chapter it appears from the evidence that the defendant has been guilty of either a forcible entry or a forcible or unlawful detainer, in respect of the premises described in the complaint, and other than the offense charged in the complaint, the judge must order that such complaint be forthwith amended to conform to such proofs; such amendment must be made without any imposition of terms. No continuance shall be permitted on account of such amendment unless the defendant shows to the satisfaction of the court good cause therefor.
[ 1891 c 96 § 17; RRS § 826. Prior: 1890 p 79 § 17.]


RCW 59.12.160
Amendments.
Amendments may be allowed by the court at any time before final judgment, upon such terms as to the court may appear just, in the same cases and manner and to the same extent as in civil actions.
[ 1891 c 96 § 19; RRS § 828. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 20.]


RCW 59.12.170
Judgment—Execution.
If upon the trial the verdict of the jury or, if the case be tried without a jury, the finding of the court be in favor of the plaintiff and against the defendant, judgment shall be entered for the restitution of the premises; and if the proceeding be for unlawful detainer after neglect or failure to perform any condition or covenant of a lease or agreement under which the property is held, or after default in the payment of rent, the judgment shall also declare the forfeiture of the lease, agreement, or tenancy. The jury, or the court, if the proceedings be tried without a jury, shall also assess the damages occasioned to the plaintiff by any forcible entry, or by any forcible or unlawful detainer, alleged in the complaint and proved on the trial, and, if the alleged unlawful detainer be after default in the payment of rent, find the amount of any rent due, and the judgment shall be rendered against the defendant guilty of the forcible entry, forcible detainer, or unlawful detainer for twice the amount of damages thus assessed and of the rent, if any, found due. When the proceeding is for an unlawful detainer after default in the payment of rent, and the lease or agreement under which the rent is payable has not by its terms expired, execution upon the judgment shall not be issued until the expiration of five days after the entry of the judgment, within which time the tenant or any subtenant, or any mortgagee of the term, or other party interested in its continuance, may pay into court for the landlord the amount of the judgment and costs, and thereupon the judgment shall be satisfied and the tenant restored to his or her estate; but if payment, as herein provided, be not made within five days the judgment may be enforced for its full amount and for the possession of the premises. In all other cases the judgment may be enforced immediately. If writ of restitution shall have been executed prior to judgment no further writ or execution for the premises shall be required.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19014; 1891 c 96 § 18; RRS § 827. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 18.]


RCW 59.12.180
Rules of practice.
Except as otherwise provided in this chapter, the provisions of the laws of this state with reference to practice in civil actions are applicable to, and constitute the rules of practice in the proceedings mentioned in this chapter; and the provisions of such laws relative to new trials and appeals, except so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of this chapter, shall be held to apply to the proceedings mentioned in this chapter.
[ 1891 c 96 § 20; RRS § 829. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 21.]


RCW 59.12.190
Relief against forfeiture.
The court may relieve a tenant against a forfeiture of a lease and restore him or her to his or her former estate, as in other cases provided by law, where application for such relief is made within thirty days after the forfeiture is declared by the judgment of the court, as provided in this chapter. The application may be made by a tenant or subtenant, or a mortgagee of the term, or any person interested in the continuance of the term. It must be made upon petition, setting forth the facts upon which the relief is sought, and be verified by the applicant. Notice of the application, with a copy of the petition, must be served on the plaintiff in the judgment, who may appear and contest the application. In no case shall the application be granted except on condition that full payment of rent due, or full performance of conditions of covenants stipulated, so far as the same is practicable, be first made.
[ 2010 c 8 § 19015; 1891 c 96 § 21; RRS § 830. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 22.]


RCW 59.12.200
Appellate review—Stay bond.
A party aggrieved by the judgment may seek appellate review of the judgment as in other civil actions: PROVIDED, That if the defendant appealing desires a stay of proceedings pending review, the defendant shall execute and file a bond, with two or more sufficient sureties to be approved by the judge, conditioned to abide the order of the court, and to pay all rents and other damages justly accruing to the plaintiff during the pendency of the proceeding.
[ 1988 c 202 § 55; 1971 c 81 § 128; 1891 c 96 § 22; RRS § 831. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 23.]
NOTES:
Severability—1988 c 202: See note following RCW 2.24.050.


RCW 59.12.210
Effect of stay bond.
When the defendant shall appeal, and shall file a bond as provided in RCW 59.12.200, all further proceedings in the case shall be stayed until the determination of said appeal and the same has been remanded to the superior court for further proceedings therein.
[ 1891 c 96 § 23; RRS § 832. Prior: 1890 p 80 § 24.]


RCW 59.12.220
Writ of restitution suspended pending appeal.
If a writ of restitution has been issued previous to the taking of an appeal by the defendant, and said defendant shall execute and file a bond as provided in this chapter, the clerk of the court, under the direction of the judge, shall forthwith give the appellant a certificate of the allowance of such appeal; and upon the service of such certificate upon the officer having such writ of restitution the said officer shall forthwith cease all further proceedings by virtue of such writ; and if such writ has been completely executed the defendant shall be restored to the possession of the premises, and shall remain in possession thereof until the appeal is determined.
[ 1891 c 96 § 24; RRS § 833. Prior: 1890 p 81 § 25.]


RCW 59.12.230
Forcible entry and detainer—Penalty.
Every person who shall unlawfully use, or encourage or assist another in unlawfully using, any force or violence in entering upon or detaining any lands or other possessions of another; and every person who, having removed or been removed therefrom pursuant to the order or direction of any court, tribunal or officer, shall afterwards return to settle or reside unlawfully upon, or take possession of, such lands or possessions, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.


RCW 59.18.200
Tenancy from month to month or for rental period—Termination—Armed forces exception—Exclusion of children—Conversion to condominium—Demolition, substantial rehabilitation of the premises—Notice—Penalties.
(1)(a) When premises are rented for an indefinite time, with monthly or other periodic rent reserved, such tenancy shall be construed to be a tenancy from month to month, or from period to period on which rent is payable, and shall be terminated by written notice of twenty days or more, preceding the end of any of the months or periods of tenancy, given by either party to the other.
(b) Any tenant who is a member of the armed forces, including the national guard and armed forces reserves, or that tenant's spouse or dependent, may terminate a rental agreement with less than twenty days' written notice if the tenant receives permanent change of station or deployment orders that do not allow a twenty-day written notice.
(2)(a) Whenever a landlord plans to change to a policy of excluding children, the landlord shall give a written notice to a tenant at least ninety days before termination of the tenancy to effectuate such change in policy. Such ninety-day notice shall be in lieu of the notice required by subsection (1) of this section. However, if after giving the ninety-day notice the change in policy is delayed, the notice requirements of subsection (1) of this section shall apply unless waived by the tenant.
(b) Whenever a landlord plans to change any apartment or apartments to a condominium form of ownership, the landlord shall provide a written notice to a tenant at least one hundred twenty days before termination of the tenancy, in compliance with RCW 64.34.440(1), to effectuate such change. The one hundred twenty-day notice is in lieu of the notice required in subsection (1) of this section. However, if after providing the one hundred twenty-day notice the change to a condominium form of ownership is delayed, the notice requirements in subsection (1) of this section apply unless waived by the tenant.
(c)(i) Whenever a landlord plans to demolish or substantially rehabilitate premises or plans a change of use of premises, the landlord shall provide a written notice to a tenant at least one hundred twenty days before termination of the tenancy. This subsection (2)(c)(i) does not apply to jurisdictions that have created a relocation assistance program under RCW 59.18.440 and otherwise provide one hundred twenty days' notice.
(ii) For purposes of this subsection (2)(c):
(A) "Assisted housing development" means a multifamily rental housing development that either receives government assistance and is defined as federally assisted housing in RCW 59.28.020, or that receives other federal, state, or local government assistance and is subject to use restrictions.
(B) "Change of use" means: (I) Conversion of any premises from a residential use to a nonresidential use that results in the displacement of an existing tenant; (II) conversion from one type of residential use to another type of residential use that results in the displacement of an existing tenant, such as conversion to a retirement home, emergency shelter, or transient hotel; or (III) conversion following removal of use restrictions from an assisted housing development that results in the displacement of an existing tenant: PROVIDED, That displacement of an existing tenant in order that the owner or a member of the owner's immediate family may occupy the premises does not constitute a change of use.
(C) "Demolish" means the destruction of premises or the relocation of premises to another site that results in the displacement of an existing tenant.
(D) "Substantially rehabilitate" means extensive structural repair or extensive remodeling of premises that requires a permit such as a building, electrical, plumbing, or mechanical permit, and that results in the displacement of an existing tenant.
(3) A person in violation of subsection (2)(c)(i) of this section may be held liable in a civil action up to three times the monthly rent of the real property at issue. The prevailing party may also recover court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.
[ 2019 c 339 § 1; 2019 c 23 § 2; 2008 c 113 § 4; 2003 c 7 § 1; 1979 ex.s. c 70 § 1; 1973 1st ex.s. c 207 § 20.]
NOTES:
Reviser's note: This section was amended by 2019 c 23 § 2 and by 2019 c 339 § 1, each without reference to the other. Both amendments are incorporated in the publication of this section under RCW 1.12.025(2). For rule of construction, see RCW 1.12.025(1).
Application—Effective date—2008 c 113: See notes following RCW 64.34.440.
Effective date—2003 c 7: "This act is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, or safety, or support of the state government and its existing public institutions, and takes effect immediately [March 24, 2003]." [ 2003 c 7 § 4.]
Unlawful detainer, notice requirement: RCW 59.12.030(2).


Seattle Department of Construction and Inspections
Seattle Municipal Tower, 700 Fifth Ave., Suite 2000, P.O. Box 34019, Seattle, WA 98104-4019 www.seattle.gov/sdci
SDCI complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act. Accommodations for people with disabilities provided on request.
This summary of Washington state and City of Seattle landlord/tenant regulations must be provided to tenants by owners of
residential rental property located in Seattle on at least an annual basis. Please note that City and State laws may not be identical on any particular topic; therefore, both sets of laws should be consulted. For legal advice, please consult an attorney.
October 2018
Seattle Landlord-Tenant Laws
OBLIGATIONS OF LANDLORDS
Building owners must provide safe, clean, secure living conditions, including:
• Keeping the premises fit for human habitation and
keeping common areas reasonably clean and safe
• Controlling insects, rodents and other pests
• Maintaining roof, walls and foundation and keeping
the unit weather tight
• Maintaining electrical, plumbing, heating and other
equipment and appliances supplied by the owner
• Providing adequate containers for garbage and
arranging for garbage pickup
• When responsible for providing heat in rental units,
from September through June maintaining daytime
(7:00 a.m.-10:30 p.m.) temperatures at 68o
F or above
and nighttime temperatures at not less than 58o
F
• In non-transient accommodations, providing keys
to unit and building entrance doors and, in most
cases, changing the lock mechanism and keys
upon a change of tenants
• Installing smoke detectors and instructing tenants
in their maintenance and operation
Owners are not required to make cosmetic repairs
after each tenancy, such as installing new carpets or
applying a fresh coat of paint.
OBLIGATIONS OF TENANTS
Tenants must maintain rental housing in a safe, clean
manner, including:
• Properly disposing of garbage
• Exercising care in use of electrical and plumbing fixtures
• Promptly repairing any damage caused by them or
their guests
• Granting reasonable access for inspection, maintenance, repair and pest control
• Maintaining smoke detectors in good working order
• Refraining from storing dangerous materials on
the premises
THE JUST CAUSE EVICTION ORDINANCE
This ordinance requires landlords to have good cause
in order to terminate a month-to-month tenancy. It
specifies the only reasons for which a tenant in Seattle
may be required to move, and requires owners to
state the reason, in writing, for ending a tenancy when
giving a termination notice. A property owner cannot
evict a tenant if the property is not registered with the
City of Seattle. Unless otherwise noted, an owner must
Seattle Landlord-Tenant Laws
Obligations of landlords ...................................................... 1
Obligations of tenants ......................................................... 1
The Just Cause Eviction Ordinance ................................. 1
Actions considered to be harassment or retaliation .......... 3
The Rental Agreement Regulation Ordinance......................4
Other City ordinances that affect tenants and
landlords ......................................................................... 7
Washington State Law
Rights of All Tenants .......................................................... 8
Types of Rental Agreements ............................................. 8
Illegal Discrimination........................................................... 8
Liability................................................................................ 9
Illegal Provisions in Rental Agreements ............................. 9
Privacy—Landlord's Access to the Rental ........................ 9
Deposits and Other Fees .................................................. 9
Landlord's Responsibilities ................................................ 9
Tenant's Responsibilities .................................................... 10
Threatening Behavior by a Tenant or Landlord ................. 10
Making Changes to Month-to-Month Agreement ............... 10
Making Changes to Leases ............................................... 10
How to Handle Repairs ...................................................... 11
Illegal Landlord Actions....................................................... 11
Ending the Agreement ........................................................ 12
Return of Deposits ............................................................ 12
Evictions ............................................................................. 13
Abandonment ..................................................................... 13
Receipts ........................................................................... 15
Copies of Documents .......................................................... 15
Voter Registration ............................................................. 15
Table of Contents
Information for Tenants
TRANSLATIONS
For copies of this document in Amharic, Cambodian, Chinese,
Korean, Laotian, Oromiffa, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog,
Thai, Tigrinya and Vietnamese, visit SDCI's website at
www.seattle.gov/dpd/rentinginseattle or call (206) 684-8467.
Page 2 of 15 Information for Tenants
give a termination notice at least 20 days before the
start of the next rental period. Good causes include:
1. The tenant fails to pay rent within 3 days of receiving a notice to pay rent or vacate.
2. The owner has notified the tenant in writing of overdue rent at least 4 times in a 12-month period.
3. The tenant does not comply with a material term
of a lease or rental agreement within 10 days of
receiving a notice to comply or vacate.
4. The tenant does not comply with a material obligation under the Washington State Residential
Landlord-Tenant Act within 10 days of a notice to
comply or vacate.
5. The owner has notified a tenant in writing at least 3
times in a 12-month period to comply within 10 days
with a material term of the lease or rental agreement.
6. The tenant seriously damages the rental unit
(causes "waste"), causes a nuisance (including
drug-related activity), or maintains an unlawful business and does not vacate the premises within three
days of notice to do so.
7. The tenant engages in criminal activity in the building
or on the premises, or in an area immediately adjacent to the building or premises. The alleged criminal
activity must substantially affect the health or safety of
other tenants or the owner; illegal drug-related activity
is one crime specified by the ordinance. An owner
who uses this reason must clearly state the facts supporting the allegation, and must send a copy of the
termination of tenancy notice to the SDCI Property
Owner Tenant Assistance (POTA) Unit.
8. The owner wishes to occupy the premises personally, or the owner’s immediate family will occupy the
unit, and no substantially equivalent unit is vacant
and available in the same building, and gives the
tenant written notice at least 90 days prior to the end
of a rental period. Immediate family includes the
owner’s spouse or owner’s domestic partner, and the
parents, grandparents, children, brothers and sisters
of the owner or owner’s spouse or owner’s domestic
partner. SDCI may require a property owner to sign
a certification of the intent to have a family member
move in if a tenant has reason to believe the owner
will not follow through with this reason. It is a violation if the designated person does not occupy the
unit for a continuous period of 60 days out of the
90 days after the tenant vacates. A tenant whose
tenancy is ended for this reason has a private right
of action if he or she feels the owner has failed to
comply with these requirements.
9. The owner wishes to terminate a tenant who lives in
the same housing unit with the owner or the owner's
agent; or the owner desires to stop sharing his or her
house with a tenant living in an approved accessory
dwelling unit (ADU) in an owner-occupied house.
10. The tenant’s occupancy is conditioned upon employment on the property and the employment
is terminated.
11. The owner plans major rehabilitation and has
obtained required permits and a Tenant Relocation
License. A tenant terminated for this reason has a
private right of action if he or she feels the owner
has failed to comply with these requirements.
12. The owner decides to convert the building to a
condominium or a cooperative.
13. The owner decides to demolish a building or to convert it to non-residential use and has obtained the
necessary permit and a Tenant Relocation License.
14. The owner desires to sell a single family residence
(does not include condominium units) and gives
the tenant written notice at least 90 days prior to
the end of a rental period. The owner must list the
property for sale at a reasonable price in a newspaper or with a realty agency within 30 days after
the date the tenant vacates. Property owners may
be required to sign a certification of the intent to sell
the house if SDCI receives a complaint. There is
a rebuttable presumption of a violation if the unit is
not listed or advertised, or is taken off the market or
re-rented within 90 days after the tenant leaves. A
tenant terminated for this reason has a private right
of action if he or she feels an owner has failed to
comply with these requirements.
15. The owner seeks to discontinue use of a unit not
authorized under the Land Use Code, after receiving
a Notice of Violation. The owner must pay relocation assistance to tenants who have to move so
that the owner can correct the violation. Relocation
assistance for low-income tenants is $2,000; for other
tenants it is an amount equal to two months’ rent.
16. The owner needs to reduce the number of tenants
sharing a dwelling unit in order to comply with Land
Use Code restrictions (i.e., no more than 8 people
per dwelling unit if any are unrelated).
17. The owner must terminate a tenancy in a house
containing an approved ADU in order to comply
with the development standards for ADUs, after
receiving a Notice of Violation of the Land Use
Code. (If the violation is that the owner has moved
out of the house and has rented both units, one
unit must either be reoccupied by the owner or be
removed.) The owner must pay relocation assistance to displaced tenants in the amount of $2,000
for low-income tenants, or two months’ rent in other
cases. SDCI may require a property owner to sign
a certification of his or her intent to discontinue the
use of the ADU.
18. An Emergency Order to Vacate and close the property
has been issued by SDCI and the tenants have failed
to vacate by the deadline given in the Order.
Information for Tenants Page 3 of 15
Failure to carry out stated cause: If an owner terminates a tenant because of (1) the sale of a single family
residence is planned, (2) the owner or a family member
is to move in, (3) substantial rehabilitation is planned,
(4) the number of residents must be reduced to eight,
or (5) the owner is discontinuing the use of an ADU
after receipt of a notice of violation, and the owner fails
to carry out the stated reason for terminating the tenancy, he or she may be subject to enforcement action
by the City and a civil penalty of up to $2,500.
Private right of action for tenants: If an owner terminates a tenant because of (1) the sale of a single family
residence is planned, (2) the owner or a family member
is to move in, or (3) substantial rehabilitation is planned,
and if the owner fails to carry out the stated reason for
terminating the tenancy, the tenant can sue the owner
for up to $3,000, costs, and reasonable attorney’s fees.
For additional information on the Just Cause Eviction
Ordinance, call SDCI at (206) 615-0808 or visit the
SDCI website at www.seattle.gov/sdci.
ACTIONS CONSIDERED TO BE
HARASSMENT OR RETALIATION
City law prohibits retaliatory actions against either a
tenant or a landlord.
A landlord is prohibited from harassing or retaliating
against a tenant by:
1. Changing or tampering with locks on unit doors
2. Removing doors, windows, fuse box, furniture or
other fixtures
3. Discontinuing utilities supplied by the owner
4. Removing a tenant from the premises except
through the formal court eviction process
5. Evicting, increasing rent or threatening a tenant
for reporting code violations to SDCI or the Police
Department or for exercising any legal rights arising out of the tenant’s occupancy
6. Entering a tenant’s unit, except in an emergency,
or except at reasonable times after giving at least
two days notice, or a one-day notice when showing units to prospective purchasers or tenants
7. Prohibiting a tenant, or a tenant's authorized
agent who is accompanied by that tenant, from
distributing information in the building, posting
information on bulletin boards in accordance with
building rules, contacting other tenants, assisting
tenants to organize and holding meetings in community rooms or common areas
8. Increase the monthly housing costs without advance
written notice; 30 days for a rent increase of less than
10%, 60 days for a rent increase of 10% or more
9. Increase monthly housing costs where a housing
unit does not meet basic standards for habitability
In most instances the law assumes that a landlord is
retaliating if the landlord takes any of these actions
within 90 days after a tenant reports a violation to
SDCI or to the Seattle Police Department, or within
90 days after a governmental agency action, such as
making an inspection.
A tenant is prohibited from harassing or retaliating
against a landlord by:
1. Changing or adding locks on unit doors
2. Removing owner-supplied fixtures, furniture, or
services
3. Willfully damaging the building
For more information or to file a complaint, call SDCI
at (206) 615-0808.
DEFINITION OF TENANT
With the exception of the Tenant Relocation Assistance Ordinance, a tenant is defined as a person
occupying or holding possession of a building or
premises pursuant to a rental agreement. This
includes residents of transient lodgings who remain
in residence for one month or longer. A rental agreement may be oral or in writing.
DEFINITION OF HOUSING COSTS
Housing costs include rent and any other periodic
or monthly fees such as storage, parking, or utilities,
paid to the landlord by a tenant.
INCREASE IN HOUSING COSTS
In the City of Seattle, a landlord must give a tenant 30
days’ advance written notice of an increase in housing
costs (rent, parking, storage, and other fees associated with the rental) of less than 10%; 60 days’ notice
is required for increases of 10% or more. An increase
can only begin at the beginning of rental period, typically at the beginning of the month. These notices
must include information about how the tenant
can access information about their rights and
responsibilities
A landlord cannot increase housing costs for any
housing unit that does not meet the minimum habitability standards of the Residential Rental Inspection
Program. (http://www.seattle.gov/dpd/cs/groups/pan/@
pan/documents/web_informational/s048492.pdf)
Property owners and developers cannot increase
housing costs to avoid applying for a Tenant Relocation License where a rental property is going to be
demolished, rehabilitated, changed in use, or where
use restrictions are going to be removed. (http://www.
seattle.gov/dpd/codesrules/commonquestions/tenantrelocation/default.htm)
Page 4 of 15 Information for Tenants
THE RENTAL AGREEMENT REGULATION
ORDINANCE
The City of Seattle Rental Agreement Regulation
Ordinance (SMC Chapter 7.24) regulates certain
aspects of residential rental agreements. It requires
a landlord to provide sixty (60) days’ advance written
notice of an increase in housing costs of 10% or more
within a twelve (12) month period; prohibits monthto-month rental agreements that require a tenant to
stay a minimum period greater than one (1) month or
be subject to the loss of deposits or other penalties;
limits the amount of security and pet damage deposits, and move-in fees that can be charged to a tenant
upon move in; allows a tenant to pay security and pet
damage deposits, move-fees, and last month’s rent
on installment plans; requires a landlord to take and
return a deposit pursuant to state law; and to distribute a summary of state and local landlord-tenant laws
prepared by the City of Seattle to each prospective
tenant, to each tenant upon move-in, and at the time a
rental agreement is renewed. A landlord cannot retaliate against a tenant or a prospective tenant for exercising or attempting to exercise the tenant’s rights under
this Ordinance. The Seattle Department of Construction and Inspections enforces this ordinance. For more
information call the Department’s Code Compliance
Division at (206) 615-0808 or follow this link: http://
www.seattle.gov/dpd/codesrules/commonquestions/
rentalhousingproblems/default.htm
Rent Increases
The City of Seattle does not regulate or control rent.
However, the Rental Agreement Regulation Ordinance
does require a landlord to provide at least sixty (60)
days’ advance written notice of any increase in housing costs of 10% or more in a twelve (12) month period; increases of less than 10% require an advance
written notice of at least thirty (30) days consistent
with state law. These notices must include information on how the tenant can access information on the
tenant’s rights and responsibilities. Housing costs
include rent, parking and storage fees, and other
periodic fees associated with a tenancy. Failure to
provide a required sixty (60) day notice is a violation
of SMC 7.24.030.A and SMC 22.206.180.
Prohibited Rental Agreement Provisions
Month-to-month rental agreements, whether verbal
or in writing, cannot require a tenant to stay beyond
the initial period of the agreement. A landlord cannot
withhold a deposit or impose other penalties solely
on the basis that a tenant moves out at the end of the
initial rental period.
However, a tenant who desires to terminate a monthto-month tenancy must provide the landlord with a
written notice at least twenty (20) days in advance of
the end of a rental period. Landlords are not obligated to pro-rate rent when a tenant moves out after the
beginning of a rental period.
Security Deposits
If a landlord wishes to collect a security deposit, the
deposit and its amount must be identified in a written rental agreement. The total amount of a security
deposit and move-in fees cannot exceed the amount
of the first full month’s rent. Additionally, the landlord
must prepare and provide a tenant with a written
checklist or statement describing the condition, cleanliness, and existing damage of the tenant’s housing
unit at the commencement of the tenancy. This statement must be signed and dated by the landlord and
the tenant. The landlord must provide a copy of the
checklist to the tenant for the tenant’s records, and,
upon request, one free replacement copy.
All security deposits must be placed in a trust account
and the landlord must provide the tenant with the
name, address, and location of the depository. The
landlord must inform the tenant of any subsequent
changes of the location of the deposit.
Security deposits must be returned in accordance
with RCW 59.18.280 at the end of a tenancy.
Pet Damage Deposits
A landlord can charge a pet damage deposit, but
it cannot exceed 25% of the first full month’s rent.
A pet damage deposit cannot be required for an
animal if it serves as an assistance animal to the
tenant. However, the tenant is responsible for any
damage created by the tenant’s assistance animal or
the assistance animal of a guest of the tenant. A pet
damage deposit may be charged in addition to any
security deposit.
An agreement to pay a pet damage deposit must be
included in a written rental agreement or in a written
addendum to the agreement, identify the amount of
the deposit, and allow the tenant to pay the deposit in
installments if requested by the tenant.
If the pet’s occupancy begins at the commencement
of the tenancy, the deposit must be identified in the
rental agreement. If the pet’s occupancy begins after
the commencement of the tenancy, the landlord must
provide a written addendum to the rental agreement.
A landlord may not retain any portion of a pet damage
deposit for damages not caused by the pet for which
the tenant is responsible.
Pet damage deposits must be returned in accordance
with RCW 59.18.280 at the end of a tenancy.
Pet Rent
The payment of rent to keep a pet is allowed.
Information for Tenants Page 5 of 15
Parking Unbundling
Landlords must specify the amount of any parking fee
in a separate parking agreement or in a rental agreement addendum.
Move-in Fees
Move-in fees are by state and city definition nonrefundable.
Allowable move-in fees are limited to the cost of obtaining a tenant screening report, criminal background
check, or credit report and to pay to clean the rental
unit upon termination of a tenancy.
The cost for obtaining a tenant screening report cannot exceed the customary cost for obtaining such a
report in the City of Seattle; a Landlord cannot charge
a tenant more than the report’s actual cost. The
landlord must provide the tenant a receipt for any fees
charged for obtaining the tenant screening report.
The landlord must also provide the tenant the name
and address of the reporting agency that prepared
the report and the prospective tenant’s right to obtain
a free copy of it.
If the landlord chooses to charge a non-refundable
cleaning fee, the landlord may not deduct additional
cleaning fees from the tenant’s security deposit at the
end of a tenancy.
Landlords are prohibited from charging any one-time
fee at the beginning of a tenancy other than a security
deposit, pet damage deposit, an authorized nonrefundable move-in fee, or last month’s rent.
Move-in fees cannot exceed 10% of the first full
month’s rent except in the case where the actual cost
for obtaining a tenant screening report, criminal background check, or credit report exceeds 10%, the cost
may be included in the non-refundable fee. However,
the total amount of a security deposit and move-in fees
cannot exceed the amount of the first full month’s rent.
Summary of Limitations on Security Deposits, Pet
Damage Deposits, and Move-In Fees
The total amount of a security deposit and move-in fees
cannot exceed the amount of the first full month’s rent.
Non-refundable move-in fees cannot exceed 10% of
the first full month’s rent. A pet damage deposit may
not exceed 25% of the rent for the first full month. Limits
on the amount of charges for security deposits and
non-refundable move-in fees does not apply to a tenant
who rents a housing unit in a single family residence if
the residence is the principal residence of the landlord.
Installment Payments
Security Deposits and Move-In Fees
If the total amount of a security deposit and nonrefundable move-in fees exceeds 25% of the first full
month’s rent, a tenant may choose to pay the total
amount in installments as follows:
• For tenancies that are six (6) months or longer, a
tenant may elect to pay in six (6) consecutive and
equal monthly installments beginning at the commencement of the tenancy.
• For tenancies between thirty (30) days and six (6)
months, a tenant may elect to pay in no more than
four (4) equal installments of equal duration at the
commencement of the tenancy.
• For tenancies that are month-to-month, the tenant
may elect to pay in two (2) equal installments, with
the first payment due at the commencement of the
tenancy and the second payment due on the first
day of the second monthly rental period.
A tenant may propose an alternative installment
schedule to which the landlord may agree. If an alternative plan is mutually agreed to, it must be described
in a written rental agreement or a written addendum to
the agreement. Failure to pay an installment of the security deposit and/or non-refundable fees is a breach
of the rental agreement and may subject the tenant to
a 10-day comply or vacate notice issued pursuant to
RCW 59.12.030(4).
A landlord cannot impose any cost on a tenant for an
installment plan.
The requirement to allow an installment plan for the
payment of deposits and move-in fees does not apply
to tenants who rent a housing unit in a single-family
house or attached accessory dwelling unit if the owner
resides in the house as the owner’s principal residence.
Last Month’s Rent
Tenants may choose to pay last month’s rent in installments.
For tenancies that are six (6) months or longer, a tenant may elect to pay in six (6) consecutive and equal
monthly installments beginning on the first month of
the tenancy; tenancies between sixty (60) days and
six (6) months, the tenant may elect to pay in no more
than four (4) equal installments of equal duration beginning at the commencement of the tenancy.
A tenant may propose an alternative installment
schedule to which the landlord may agree. If an alternative plan is mutually agreed to, it must be described
in a written rental agreement or a written addendum to
the agreement.
A landlord cannot impose any cost on a tenant for an
installment plan.
The requirement to allow an installment plan for the 
Page 6 of 15 Information for Tenants
payment of last month’s rent does not apply to tenants
who rent a housing unit in a single-family house or attached accessory dwelling unit if the owner resides in
the house as the owner’s principal residence.
Pet Damage Deposits
A tenant may elect to pay a pet damage deposit in three
(3) equal monthly installments beginning on the first full
month the pet occupies the housing unit. A tenant may
propose an alternative installment schedule to which the
landlord may agree. If an alternative plan is mutually
agreed to, it must be described in a written rental agreement or a written addendum to the agreement.
If a tenant wants to pay a security deposit, move-in fees,
a pet damage deposit, or last month’s rent in installments, the tenant must request such a payment plan.
Summary of Landlord and Tenant Rights
A landlord must distribute a summary of state landlord
tenant law and City of Seattle rental housing codes
describing the rights, obligations, and remedies of
landlords and tenants under these laws. This requirement can be met by distributing the current version
of the Seattle Department of Construction and Inspections Publication Information for Tenants. This
document must be given to each prospective tenant,
to a tenant at the time a rental agreement is offered,
and when a rental agreement is renewed. Month-tomonth tenants must receive the most current version
of this document at least once a year. When a rental
agreement is renewed, Information for Tenants maybe
be distributed electronically. The current version of
Information for Tenants can be accessed at: awww.
seattle.gov/dpd/cms/groups/pan/@pan/documents/
web_informational/dpdd016420.pdf
If a landlord fails to distribute the summary in accordance with these requirements, a tenant may terminate the rental agreement by written notice. In addition, the tenant may recover, in a civil action against
the landlord, actual damages, attorney fees, and a
penalty of up to $500. If a court determines that the
landlord deliberately failed to comply with this requirement, the penalty may be up to $1,000.
Violations
A violation of the Rental Agreement Regulation Ordinance is subject to a citation in the amount of $500
for an initial violation and $1,000 for each subsequent
violation occurring within five (5) years of the first violation. Citations can be appealed to the City of Seattle
Hearing Examiner. Violations also are subject to a Notice of Violation after the issuance of two (2) citations.
Tenant's Private Right of Action
If a landlord attempts to enforce provisions of a rental
agreement which are contrary to:
1. The requirement that a rental agreement contain
certain specific provisions;
2. The limitations imposed on security deposits, pet
damage deposits, and non-refundable move-in
fees; or
3. The requirement to adopt an installment payment
plan
The landlord shall be liable to the tenant for:
1. Actual damages incurred by the tenant because of
the landlord’s attempted enforcement;
2. Double the amount of any penalties imposed by
the City of Seattle;
3. Double the amount of any security deposit unlawfully charged or withheld by the landlord;
4. Up to $3,000; and
5. Reasonable attorney fees and court costs.
Tenant Waiver of Rights or Remedies
No residential rental agreement, whether oral or written, can waive rights or remedies under the Rental
Agreement Regulation Ordinance. However, a landlord and tenant may agree to waive certain specific
requirements of the Ordinance. In order to do this, the
following conditions must be met:
1. The agreement must specify in writing the specific
provisions to be waived;
2. The agreement cannot appear in a standard form,
lease, or rental agreement;
3. There can be no substantial inequity in the bargaining positions of the landlord and tenant; and
4. The tenant must be represented by an attorney
who has approved the agreement as being in compliance with the requirements of the Ordinance.
Exceptions
The provisions of this Ordinance limiting and restricting the amount of charges for security deposits and
non-refundable move-in fees, and the payment of security deposits and move-fees on an installment basis
do not apply to a tenant who rents a housing unit in a
single-family residence if the residence is the principal 
Information for Tenants Page 7 of 15
residence of the property owner.
Also, exempted from regulation are the return or retention of a security deposit, the requirement to provide a
unit condition checklist, and the requirement to place
a security deposit in a trust account and disclose to
the tenant the location of the account. However, the
Washington State Residential Landlord-Tenant Act still
regulates these requirements.
OTHER CITY ORDINANCES THAT AFFECT
TENANTS AND LANDLORDS
1. Open Housing and Public Accommodations
Ordinance
This ordinance prohibits discrimination based on race,
color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age,
sex, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, participation
in the Housing Choice Vouchers Program (Section 8),
or disability; requires landlords to rent a housing unit
on first-come-first-served basis; and to accept subsidies and alternative sources of income to pay for the
tenant’s housing costs. Inquiries about this ordinance
and complaints of violations should be directed to the
Seattle Office for Civil Rights at (206) 684-4500.
2. Condominium and Cooperative Conversion
Ordinances
When a residential building is being converted to
condominium or cooperative units, the Condominium
and Cooperative Conversion ordinances require a
housing code inspection.
Additionally, in a condominium conversion, a tenant
must receive a written 120-day notice of the conversion. If the tenant decides not to buy his or her unit,
the tenant may be eligible to receive the equivalent
of three (3) months' rent in relocation assistance if the
tenant's annual income, from all sources, does not exceed 80 percent of the area median income, adjusted
for household size. A household which otherwise
qualifies to receive relocation benefits and which includes a member sixty-five (65) years of age or older
or an individual with "special needs," as defined in the
ordinance, may qualify for additional assistance.
In a cooperative conversion, a tenant must receive
a 120-day notice of intention to sell the unit. If the
tenant decides not to buy his or her unit, the tenant
must be paid $500.00 in relocation assistance.
Relocation assistance is paid directly to the tenant
by the property owner or developer. The assistance
must be paid no later than the date on which a tenant vacates his or her unit.
For further information, contact SDCI Code Compliance at (206) 615-0808.
3. Tenant Relocation Assistance Ordinance
This ordinance applies when tenants are displaced
by housing demolition, change of use, substantial
rehabilitation, or by removal of use restrictions from
subsidized housing. A property owner who plans
development activity must obtain a tenant relocation
license and a building or use permit before terminating a tenancy. All tenants must receive a 90-day notice of the activity that will require them to move. Eligible low income tenants, whose annual income cannot
exceed 50% of the area median income, receive cash
relocation assistance. It is a violation of this ordinance
to increase housing costs for the purpose of avoiding
applying for a Tenant Relocation License. Call SDCI
at (206) 615-0808 for more information.
4. Repair and Maintenance—Housing and
Building Maintenance Code
This ordinance requires owners to meet certain minimum standards and keep buildings in good repair. If
an owner does not make necessary repairs, a tenant
can report needed repairs by calling SDCI at (206)
615-0808. If an inspector finds code violations, the
owner will be required to make needed corrections.
5. Third Party Billing Ordinance
This ordinance defines rules for landlords who, by
themselves or through private companies, bill tenants for City provided utilities (water, sewer, garbage,
electric services) separately from their rent. The ordinance applies to all residential buildings having three
or more housing units.
The rules require a landlord or billing agent to provide
tenants with specific information about their bills and
to disclose their billing practices, either in a rental
agreement or in a separate written notice. It is a
violation of the ordinance if a landlord imposes a new
billing practice without appropriate notice.
A tenant can dispute a third-party billing by notifying the billing agent and explaining the basis for the
dispute. This must be done within 30 days of receiving a bill. The billing agent must contact the tenant to
discuss the dispute within 30 days of receiving notice
of the dispute. A tenant can also file a complaint with
the Seattle Office of the Hearing Examiner or take the 
Page 8 of 15 Information for Tenants
landlord to court. If the Hearing Examiner or court
rules in favor of the tenant, the landlord could be
required to pay a penalty.
6. Rental Registration and Inspection Ordinance
(RRIO)
The purpose of the Rental Registration and Inspection program is to ensure that all rental housing in
the City of Seattle is safe and meets basic housing
maintenance requirements. Beginning in 2014 all
owners of residential housing in Seattle, with certain
limited exceptions, must register their properties with
the City. A registration is good for five years. No
tenant can be evicted from a property if the property
is not registered with the City. With a few exceptions,
all properties must be inspected at least once every
ten years. These inspections can be conducted by
City-approved inspectors or by City housing/zoning
inspectors. Information about the RRIO Program can
be obtained by calling (206) 684-4110 or going to the
program website at www.seattle.gov/RRIO.
The Washington Residential
Landlord-Tenant Act
Chapter 59.18 RCW.
GOOD FAITH OBLIGATION
State law requires landlords and tenants to act in
good faith toward one another.
Most tenants who rent a place to live come under the
Washington State Residential Landlord-Tenant Act.
However, certain renters are specifically excluded
from the law.
Residents who are generally not covered by the Act are:
• Renters of a space in a mobile home park are
usually covered by the state’s Mobile Home Landlord-Tenant Act (RCW 59.20). However, renters
of both a space and a mobile home are usually
covered by the residential law.
• Residents in transient lodgings such as hotels
and motels; residents of public or private medical,
religious, educational, recreational or correctional institutions; residents of a single family dwelling which
is rented as part of a lease of agricultural land; residents of housing provided for seasonal farm work.
• Tenants with an earnest money agreement to purchase the dwelling. Tenants who lease a single
family dwelling with an option to purchase, if the
tenant's attorney has approved the face of the
lease. Tenants who have signed a lease option
agreement but have not yet exercised that option
are still covered.
• Tenants who are employed by the landlord, when
their agreement specifies that they can only live in
the rental unit as long as they hold the job (such
as an apartment house manager).
• Tenants who are leasing a single family dwelling
for one year or more, when their attorney has
approved the exemption.
• Tenants who are using the property for commercial rather than residential purposes.
RIGHTS OF ALL TENANTS
Regardless of whether they are covered by the Residential Landlord-Tenant Act, all renters have these
basic rights under other state laws: the Right to a
livable dwelling; Protection from unlawful discrimination; Right to hold the landlord liable for personal
injury or property damage caused by the landlord’s
negligence; Protection against lockouts and seizure of
personal property by the landlord.
TYPES OF RENTAL AGREEMENTS
Month-to-Month Agreement. This agreement is for
an indefinite period of time, with rent usually payable
on a monthly basis or other short term period. The
agreement itself can be in writing or oral, but if any
type of fee or refundable deposit is collected, the
agreement must be in writing. [RCW 59.18.260]
A month-to-month agreement continues until the tenant gives the landlord written notice at least 20 days
before the end of the rental period. In the situation
of a conversion to a condominium or a change in the
policy excluding children the landlord must provide
90 days written notice to the tenant. [RCW 59.18.200]
The rent can be increased or the rules changed at any
time, provided the landlord gives the tenant written
notice at least 30 days before the effective date of the
rent increase or rule change. [RCW 59.18.140]
Fixed Term Lease. A lease requires the tenant to stay
for a specific amount of time and restricts the landlord’s
ability to change the terms of the rental agreement. A
lease must be in writing to be valid. During the term of
the lease, the rent cannot be raised or the rules changed
unless both landlord and tenant agree. Leases for longer
than one year must be notarized.
ILLEGAL DISCRIMINATION
Federal law prohibits most landlords from refusing
to rent to a person or imposing different rental terms
on a person because of race, color, religion, sex,
handicap, familial status (having children or seeking
custody of children), or national origin. [Fair Housing
Act 42 USC s. 3601 et.seq. 1988] State law recog-
Information for Tenants Page 9 of 15
nizes protection to the same individuals as well as for
marital status, creed, the presence of sensory, mental,
or physical disability. If you think you have been
denied rental housing or have been the victim of
housing discrimination file a written complaint with
the Washington State Human Rights Commission. You
may also file a complaint with the federal Fair Housing
Section of the Department of Housing and Urban Development or your local city human rights department.
LIABILITY
Once a tenant has signed a rental agreement, the tenant must continue to pay the rent to maintain eligibility to bring actions under this act. The tenant should
also understand what he or she is responsible for in
the maintenance of the property. While the landlord is
responsible for any damage which occurs due to the
landlord's negligence, the tenant must be prepared to
accept responsibility for damages he or she causes.
[RCW 59.18.060]
ILLEGAL PROVISIONS IN RENTAL
AGREEMENTS
Some provisions which may appear in rental agreements or leases are not legal and cannot be enforced
under the law. [RCW 59.18.230] These include:
• A provision which waives any right given to tenants by the Landlord-Tenant Act or that surrenders tenants’ right to defend themselves in court
against a landlord’s accusations.
• A provision stating the tenant will pay the landlord’s attorney’s fees under any circumstances if a
dispute goes to court.
• A provision which limits the landlord’s liability in
situations where the landlord would normally be
responsible.
• A provision which requires the tenant to agree to a
particular arbitrator at the time of signing the
rental agreement.
• A provision allowing the landlord to enter the
rental unit without proper notice.
• A provision requiring a tenant to pay for all damage to the unit, even if it is not caused by tenants
or their guests.
• A provision that allows the landlord to seize a tenant’s property if the tenant falls behind in rent.
PRIVACY—LANDLORD’S ACCESS TO THE
RENTAL [RCW 59.18.150]
The landlord must give the tenant at least a two day
written notice of their intent to enter at reasonable
times. However, tenants must not unreasonably
refuse to allow the landlord to enter the rental where
the landlord has given at least one-day’s notice of
intent to enter at a specified time to exhibit the dwelling to prospective or actual purchasers or tenants.
The law says that tenants shall not unreasonably
refuse the landlord access to repair, improve, or
service the dwelling. In case of an emergency, or if
the property has been abandoned, the landlord can
enter without notice.
DEPOSITS AND OTHER FEES
Refundable deposits
Under the Landlord-Tenant Act, the term “deposit”
can only be applied to money which can be refunded
to the tenant. If a refundable deposit is collected, the
law requires:
• The rental agreement must be in writing. It must say
what each deposit is for and what the tenant must
do in order to get the money back. [RCW 59.18.260]
• The tenant must be given a written receipt for
each deposit. [RCW 59.18.270]
• A checklist or statement describing the condition
of the rental unit must be filled out. The landlord
and the tenant must sign it, and the tenant must
be given a signed copy. [RCW 59.18.260]
• The deposits must be placed in a trust account in
a bank or escrow company. The tenant must be
informed in writing where the deposits are being
kept. Unless some other agreement has been
made in writing, any interest earned by the deposit belongs to the landlord. [RCW 59.18.270]
Non-refundable fees
These will not be returned to the tenant under any circumstances. If a non-refundable fee is being charged,
the rental agreement must be in writing and must state
that the fee will not be returned. A non-refundable fee
cannot legally be called a “deposit.” [RCW 59.18.285]
LANDLORD’S RESPONSIBILITIES
[RCW 59.18.060]
The landlord must:
• Maintain the dwelling so it does not violate state
and local codes in ways which endanger tenants’
health and safety
• Maintain structural components, such as roofs,
floors and chimneys, in reasonably good repair.
• Maintain the dwelling in reasonably weather tight
condition
• Provide reasonably adequate locks and keys.
• Provide the necessary facilities to supply heat,
electricity, hot and cold water
• Provide garbage cans and arrange for removal of
garbage, except in single family dwellings
• Keep common areas, such as lobbies, stairways 
Page 10 of 15 Information for Tenants
systems
• Not intentionally or carelessly damage the dwelling
• Not permit “waste” (substantial damage to the
property) or “nuisance” (substantial interference
with other tenant’s use of property)
• Maintain smoke and carbon monoxide detection
devices including battery replacement
• Not engage in activity at the premises that is
imminently hazardous to the physical safety of
other persons on the premises and that entails a
physical assault on a person or unlawful use of
a firearm or other deadly weapon resulting in an
arrest [RCW 59.18.352]
• When moving out, restore the dwelling to the
same conditions as when the tenant moved in,
except for normal wear and tear
THREATENING BEHAVIOR BY A TENANT OR
LANDLORD (RCW 59.18.352 and 354)
If one tenant threatens another with a firearm or other
deadly weapon, and the threatening tenant is arrested
as a result of the threat, the landlord may terminate
the tenancy of the offending tenant (although the
landlord is not required to take such action). If the
landlord does not file an unlawful detainer action, the
threatened tenant may choose to give written notice
and move without further obligation under the rental
agreement. If a landlord threatens a tenant under
similar circumstances, the tenant may choose to give
notice and move. In both cases, the threatened tenant does not have to pay rent for any day following the
date of leaving, and is entitled to receive a pro-rated
refund of any prepaid rent.
MAKING CHANGES TO THE MONTH-TOMONTH AGREEMENT
Generally speaking, if the landlord wants to change
the provisions of a month-to-month rental agreement,
such as raising the rent or changing rules, the tenant must be given at least 30 days notice in writing.
These changes can only become effective at the
beginning of a rental period (the day the rent is due).
Notice which is less than 30 days will be effective for
the following rental period.
If the landlord wishes to convert the unit to a condominium, the tenant must be given a 120-day notice.
[RCW 59.18.200]
MAKING CHANGES TO A FIXED LEASE TERM
Under a lease, in most cases, changes during the
lease term cannot be made unless both landlord and
tenant agree to the proposed change.
If the property is sold. The sale of the property does
and halls, reasonably clean and free from hazards
• Control pests before the tenant moves in. The
landlord must continue to control infestations
except in single family dwellings, or when the
infestation was caused by the tenant
• Make repairs to keep the unit in the same condition as when the tenant moved in—except for
normal wear and tear
• Keep electrical, plumbing and heating systems in
good repair, and maintain any appliances which
are provided with the rental
• Inform the tenant of the name and address of the
landlord or landlord’s agent
• Supply hot water as reasonably required by tenant
• Provide written notice of fire safety and protection information and ensure that the unit is
equipped with working smoke detectors when a
new tenant moves in. (Tenants are responsible
for maintaining detectors.) Except for single
family dwellings, the notice must inform the tenant on how the smoke detector is operated and
about the building's fire alarm and/or sprinkler
system, smoking policy, and plans for emergency notification, evacuation and relocation, if
any. Multifamily units may provide this notice as
a checklist disclosing the building's fire safety
and protection devices and a diagram showing
emergency evacuation routes.
• Provide tenants with information provided or
approved by the Department of Health about the
health hazards of indoor mold, including how to
control mold growth to minimize health risks, when
a new tenant moves in. The landlord may give written information individually to each tenant, or may
post it in a visible, public location at the dwelling
unit property. The information can be obtained at
www.doh.wa.gov/ehp/ts/IAQ/mold-notification.htm.
• Investigate if a tenant is engaged in gang-related
activity when another tenant notifies the landlord
of gang-related activity by serving a written notice
and investigation demand to the landlord. [RCW
59.18.180]
• Provide carbon monoxide detectors.
TENANT’S RESPONSIBILITIES [RCW 59.18.130]
A tenant is required to:
• Pay rent, and any utilities agreed upon
• Comply with any requirements of city, county or
state regulations
• Keep the rental unit clean and sanitary
• Dispose of the garbage properly
• Pay for fumigation of infestations caused by the
tenant
• Properly operate plumbing, electrical and heating 
Information for Tenants Page 11 of 15
not automatically end a tenancy. When a rental unit
is sold, tenants must be notified of the new owner’s
name and address, either by certified mail, or by a
revised posting on the premises. All deposits paid
to the original owner must be transferred to the new
owner, who must put them in a trust or escrow
account. The new owner must promptly notify tenants
where the deposits are being held.
HOW TO HANDLE REPAIRS
A tenant must be current in the payment of rent including all utilities to which the tenant has agreed in the
rental agreement to pay before exercising any statutory
remedies, such as repair options. [RCW 59.18.080]
Required Notice [RCW 59.18.070] When something
in the rental unit needs to be repaired, the first step is
for the tenant to give written notice of the problem to
the landlord or person who collects the rent.
The notice must include the address and apartment
number of the rental; the name of the owner, if known;
and a description of the problem. After giving notice,
the tenant must wait the required time for the landlord
to begin making repairs. Those required waiting times
are: 24 hours for no hot or cold water, heat or electricity, or for a condition which is imminently hazardous to
life; 72 hours for repair of refrigerator, range and oven,
or a major plumbing fixture supplied by landlord; 10
days for all other repairs.
Tenant’s Options [RCW 59.18.090] If repairs are not
started within the required time and if the tenant is paid
up in rent and utilities, the following options can be used:
1) Tenant can give written notice to the landlord
and move out immediately. Tenants are entitled
to a pro-rated refund of their rent, as well as the
deposits they would normally get back.
2) Litigation or arbitration can be used to work out
the dispute.
3) The tenant can hire someone to make the repairs. In
many cases the tenant can have the work done and
then deduct the cost from the rent. [RCW 59.18.100]
(This procedure cannot be used to force a landlord
to provide adequate garbage cans.)
An Important Note: If the repair is one that has a
10-day waiting period, the tenant cannot contract
to have the work done until 10 days after the landlord receives notice, or five days after the landlord
receives the estimate, whichever is later.
To follow this procedure a tenant must: Submit a
good faith estimate from a licensed or registered
tradesperson, if one is required, to the landlord.
After the waiting period, the tenant can contract
with the lowest bidder to have the work done.
After the work is completed, the tenant pays the
tradesperson and deducts the cost from the rent
payment. The landlord must be given the opportunity to inspect the work. The cost of each repair
cannot exceed one month’s rent; total cost cannot
exceed two month’s rent in any 12-month period.
If a large repair which affects a number of tenants
needs to be made, the tenants can join together,
follow the proper procedure, and have the work
done. Then each can deduct a portion of the cost
from their rent.
4) The tenant can make the repairs and deduct the
cost from the rent, if the work does not require a
licensed or registered tradesperson. The same
procedure is followed as for (2) above. However,
the cost limit is one half of one month’s rent.
5) Rent in Escrow - After notice of defective conditions, and after appropriate government certification of defect, and waiting periods have passed,
then tenants may place their monthly rent payments in an escrow account. It is wise to consult
an attorney before taking this action.
ILLEGAL LANDLORD ACTIONS
Lockouts. [RCW 59.18.290] The law prohibits
landlords from changing locks, adding new locks, or
otherwise making it impossible for the tenant to use
the normal locks and keys. Even if a tenant is behind
in rent, such lockouts are illegal.
A tenant who is locked out can file a lawsuit to
regain entry. Some local governments also have laws
against lockouts and can help a tenant who has been
locked out of a rental. For more information contact
your city or county government.
Utility shutoffs. [RCW 59.18.300] The landlord may not
shut off utilities because the tenant is behind in rent, or to
force a tenant to move out. Utilities may only be shut off
by the landlord so that repairs may be made, and only
for a reasonable amount of time. If a landlord intentionally does not pay utility bills so the service will be turned
off, that could be considered an illegal shutoff. If the utilities have been shut off by the landlord, the tenant should
first check with the utility company to see if it will restore
service. If it appears the shutoff is illegal, the tenant can
file a lawsuit. If the tenant wins in court, the judge can
award the tenant up to $100 per day for the time without
service, as well as attorney’s fees.
Taking the tenant’s property. [RCW 59.18.310] The
law allows a landlord to take a tenant’s property only
in the case of abandonment. A clause in a rental
agreement which allows the landlord to take a tenant’s
property in other situations is not valid. If the landlord
does take a tenant’s property illegally, the tenant may
want to contact the landlord first. If that is unsuccessful, the police can be notified. If the property is not
returned after the landlord is given a written request, a
court could order the landlord to pay the tenant up to
$100 for each day the property is kept — to a total of 
Page 12 of 15 Information for Tenants
$1,000. [RCW 59.18.230(4)]
Renting condemned property. [RCW 59.18.085]
The landlord may not rent units which are condemned
or unlawful to occupy due to existing uncorrected
code violations. The landlord can be held liable for
three months rent or treble damages, whichever is
greater, as well as costs and attorneys fees for knowingly renting the property.
Retaliatory actions. [RCW 59.18.240 -.250] If the tenant exercises rights under the law, such as complaining
to a government authority or deducting for repairs, the
law prohibits the landlord from taking retaliatory action.
Examples of retaliatory actions are raising the rent,
reducing services provided to the tenant, or evicting
the tenant. The law initially assumes that these steps
are retaliatory if they occur within 90 days after the tenant’s action, unless the tenant was in some way violating the statute when the change was received. If the
matter is taken to court and the judge finds in favor of
the tenant, the landlord can be ordered to reverse the
retaliatory action, as well as pay for any harm done to
the tenant and pay the tenant’s attorney fees.
ENDING THE AGREEMENT
Proper Notice to Leave for Leases. If the tenant
moves out at the expiration of a lease, in most cases it
is not necessary to give the landlord a written notice.
However, the lease should be consulted to be sure a
formal notice is not required. If a tenant stays beyond
the expiration of the lease, and the landlord accepts
the next month’s rent, the tenant then is assumed to
be renting under a month-to-month agreement.
A tenant who leaves before a lease expires is
responsible for paying the rent for the rest of the lease
term. However, the landlord must make an effort to rerent the unit at a reasonable price. If this is not done,
the tenant may not be liable for rent beyond a reasonable period of time. [RCW 59.18.310(1)]
Proper Notice to Leave for Leases—Armed Forces
Exception. A lease can be terminated when the tenant is a member of the armed forces (including the
national guard or armed forces reserve), if the tenant
receives reassignment or deployment orders, provided the tenant informs the landlord no later than seven
days after the receipt of such orders. In these circumstances, the tenancy may also be terminated by the
tenant's spouse or dependent. [RCW 59.18.220]
Proper Notice to Leave for Month-to-Month Agreements. When a tenant wants to end a month-tomonth rental agreement, written notice must be given
to the landlord.
The notice must be received at least 20 days before
the end of the rental period (the day before the rent
is due). The day which the notice is delivered does
not count. A landlord cannot require a tenant to give
more than 20 days notice when moving out. When a
landlord wants a month-to-month renter to move out,
a 20-day notice is required (only outside of Seattle). If
a tenant moves out without giving proper notice, the
law says the tenant is liable for rent for the lesser of:
30 days from the day the next rent is due, or 30 days
from the day the landlord learns the tenant has moved
out. However, the landlord has a duty to try and find a
new renter. If the dwelling is rented before the end of
the 30 days, the former tenant must pay only until the
new tenant begins paying rent.
Proper Notice to Leave for Month-to-Month
Agreements—Armed Forces Exception. A monthto-month tenancy can be terminated with less than
20 days written notice when the tenant is a member
of the armed forces (including the national guard or
armed forces reserve), if the tenant receives reassignment or deployment orders that do not allow for
a 20-day notice. In these circumstances, the tenancy may also be terminated by the tenant's spouse
or dependent. [RCW 59.18.200]
Domestic Violence Protection. If a tenant or a
household member is a victim of an incident of
domestic violence, sexual assault, unlawful harassment, or stalking, the tenant may terminate their rental
agreement without penalty, change the locks on their
unit at their own expense, or both. The tenant must
notify the landlord in writing that they or a household
member were a victim of one of the above crimes and
either provide a copy of a valid order for protection
or a report of the incident from a qualified third party
to the landlord. Qualified third parties include law
enforcement officers, court officials, licensed mental
health professionals, doctors, and victim advocates.
The tenant must terminate the rental agreement within
90 days of the incident leading to the protection order
or report to a qualified third party. The protection
order or third party’s report must be made available to
the landlord within 7 days of the tenant moving out of
the unit or at the same time the tenant gives notice to
the landlord that the locks have been changed. [RCW
59.18.570 - 585]
RETURN OF DEPOSITS [RCW 59.18.280]
After a tenant moves out, a landlord has 21 days in
which to return a deposit, or give the tenant a written statement of why all or part of the money is being
kept. It is advisable for the tenant to leave a forwarding address with the landlord when moving out.
The rental unit should be restored to the same condition as when the tenant moved in, except for normal
wear and tear. Deposits cannot be used to cover
normal wear and tear; or damage that existed when
the tenant moved in. 
Information for Tenants Page 13 of 15
The landlord is in compliance if the required payment,
statement, or both, are deposited in the U.S. Mail with
First Class postage paid, within 21 days. If the tenant
takes the landlord to court, and it is ruled that the landlord intentionally did not give the statement or return the
money, the court can award the tenant up to twice the
amount of the deposit.
EVICTIONS
For not paying rent. If the tenant is even one day
behind in rent, the landlord can issue a three-day
notice to pay or move out. If the tenant pays all the rent
due within three days, the landlord must accept it and
cannot evict the tenant. A landlord is not required to
accept a partial payment.
For not complying with the terms of the rental
agreement. If the tenant is not complying with the
rental agreement (for example, keeping a cat when the
agreement specifies no pets are allowed), the landlord
can give a 10-day notice to comply or move out. If the
tenant satisfactorily remedies the situation within that
time, the landlord cannot continue the eviction process.
For creating a “waste or nuisance.” If a tenant
destroys the landlord’s property, uses the premises for
unlawful activity including gang- or drug-related activities, damages the value of the property or interferes
with other tenant’s use of the property, the landlord
can issue a three-day notice to move out. The tenant
must move out after this kind of notice. There is no
option to stay and correct the problem.
For violations within drug and alcohol free housing.
If a tenant enrolled in a program of recovery in drug
and alcohol free housing for less than two years uses,
possesses, or shares alcohol or drugs the landlord can
give a three-day notice to move out. If the tenant cures
the violation within one day, the rental agreement does
not terminate. If the tenant fails to remedy the violation
within one day, he or she must move out and the rental
agreement is terminated. If the tenant engages in
substantially the same behavior within six months, the
landlord can give a three-day notice to move out and
the tenant has no right to cure the subsequent violation.
Notice. In order for a landlord to take legal action
against a tenant who does not move out, notice must
be given in accordance with RCW 59.12.040.
If the tenant continues to occupy the rental in violation
of a notice to leave, the landlord must then go to court
to begin what is called an “unlawful detainer” action.
If the court rules in favor of the landlord, the sheriff will
be instructed to move the tenant out of the rental if the
tenant does not leave voluntarily. The only legal way
for a landlord to move a tenant physically out of a unit
is by going through the courts and the sheriff’s office.
DESIGNATION OF AN INDIVIDUAL TO ACT ON
BEHALF OF A TENANT UPON THE DEATH OF
THE TENANT (RCW 59.18.590)
A tenant who is the sole occupant of a dwelling unit
can designate a person to act on the tenant’s behalf
upon the death of the tenant independently or at the
request of a landlord. The designation must be in
writing separate from any rental agreement. It must
include the designated person’s name, mailing address, an address used for the receipt of electronic
communications, a telephone number, and a signed
statement authorizing the landlord in the event of the
tenant’s death (when the tenant is the sole occupant
of the dwelling unit) to allow the designated person to
access the tenant’s dwelling unit, remove the tenant’s
property, receive refunds of amounts due to the tenant, and to dispose of the tenant’s property consistent
with the tenant’s last will and testament and any applicable intestate succession law, and a conspicuous
statement that the designation remain in effect until it
is revoked in writing by the tenant or replaced with a
new designation. The designated person’s right to
act on the behalf of the deceased tenant terminates
upon the appointment of a personal representative for
the deceased tenant’s estate or the identification of a
person reasonably claiming to be a successor of the
deceased tenant pursuant to law.
ABANDONMENT RELATED TO FAILURE TO
PAY RENT [RCW 59.18.310]
Abandonment occurs when a tenant has both fallen
behind in rent and has clearly indicated by words or
actions an intention not to continue living in the rental.
When a rental has been abandoned, the landlord may
enter the unit and remove any abandoned property.
It must be stored in a reasonably secure place. A
notice must be mailed to the tenant saying where the
property is being stored and when it will be sold. If
the landlord does not have a new address for the tenant, the notice should be mailed to the rental address,
so it can be forwarded by the U.S. Postal Service.
How long a landlord must wait before selling abandoned property depends on the value of the goods. If
the total value of property is less than $250, the landlord must mail a notice of the sale to the tenant and
then wait seven(7) days. Family pictures, keepsakes
and personal papers cannot be sold until forty-five
(45) days after the landlord mails the notice of abandonment to the tenant.
If the total value of the property is more than $250, the
landlord must mail a notice of the sale to the tenant
and then wait forty-five (45) days. Personal papers,
family pictures, and keepsakes can be sold at the
same time as other property.
The money raised by the sale of the property goes to 
Page 14 of 15 Information for Tenants
cover money owed to the landlord, such as back rent
and the cost of storing and selling the goods. If there
is any money left over, the landlord must keep it for
the tenant for one (1) year. If it is not claimed within
that time, it belongs to the landlord.
If a landlord takes a tenant’s property and a court later
determines there had not actually been an abandonment, the landlord could be ordered to compensate
the tenant for loss of the property, as well as paying
court and attorney costs.
This procedure does not apply to the disposition of
property of a deceased tenant. See “Abandonment
Related to the Death of a Tenant” below.
ABANDONMENT RELATED TO EVICTION
[RCW 59.18.312]
When a tenant has been served with a writ of restitution in
an eviction action, the tenant will receive written notification of the landlord's responsibilities regarding storing the
tenant's property that is left behind after the premises is
vacant. Tenants will be provided with a form to request
the landlord store the tenant's property.
A landlord is required to store the tenant's property if
the tenant makes a written request for storage within
three (3) days of service of the writ of restitution or if
the landlord knows that the tenant is a person with a
disability that prevents the tenant from making a written request and the tenant has not objected to storage. The written request for storage may be served
by personal delivery, or by mailing or faxing to the
landlord at the address or fax number identified on the
request form provided by the landlord.
After the Writ of Restitution has been executed, the
landlord may enter the premises and take possession
of any of the tenant's remaining belongings. Without
a written request from the tenant, the landlord may
choose to store the tenant's property or deposit the
tenant's property on the nearest public property. If
the landlord chooses to store the tenant's property,
whether requested or not, it may not be returned to
the tenant until the tenant pays the actual or reasonable costs of moving and storage, whichever is less
within thirty (30) days.
If the total value of the property is more than $250, the
landlord must notify the tenant of the pending sale by
personal delivery or mail to the tenant's last known
address. After thirty (30) days from the date of the
notice, the landlord may sell the property, including
personal papers, family pictures, and keepsakes and
dispose of any property not sold.
If the total value of the property is $250 or less, the
landlord must notify the tenant of the pending sale by
personal delivery or mail to the tenant's last known address. After seven (7) days from the date of the notice,
the landlord may sell or dispose of the property except
for personal papers, family pictures, and keepsakes.
The proceeds from the sale of the property may be
applied towards any money owed to the landlord for
the actual and reasonable costs of moving and storing of the property, whichever is less. The costs cannot exceed the actual or reasonable costs of moving
and storage, whichever is less. If there are additional
proceeds, the landlord must keep it for the tenant for
one (1) year. If no claim is made by the tenant for the
recovery of the additional proceeds within one (1)
year, the balance will be treated as abandoned property and deposited with the Washington State Department of Revenue.
See RCW 59.18.312.
ABANDONMENT RELATED TO THE DEATH OF
A TENANT (RCW 59.18.595)
When a landlord learns of the death of a tenant who is
the sole occupant of a dwelling unit, the landlord must
promptly mail or personally deliver a written notice to
any known personal representative, designated person, emergency contact person, or known successor
to the tenant. The notice must include the name of the
deceased tenant and address of the dwelling unit, the
approximate date of the tenant’s death, the amount of
the monthly rent and the date to which it is paid. The
notice must include a statement that the tenancy will
terminate 15 days from the date the notice is mailed
or personally delivered, or the date through which the
rent has been paid, whichever is later, unless during
this 15 day period a tenant representative makes arrangements with the landlord to pay rent in advance
for no more than 60 days from the date of the tenant’s death in order to arrange for the removal of the
deceased tenant’s property, and that the tenancy will
be over at the end of the period for which the rent has
been paid. The notice must also include a statement
that failure to remove the tenant’s property before the
tenancy is terminated or ends will permit the landlord
to enter the dwelling unit and take possession of any
property found on the premises, store it in a reasonably secure place, and charge the actual or reasonable costs, whichever is less, for moving and storage
of the property, and that after appropriate notice, sell
or dispose of the property as provided for in law. A
copy of any designation of a person to act on the deceased tenant’s behalf must be attached to the notice.
The landlord must turn over possession of the tenant’s property to a tenant representative upon receipt
of a written request if this request is made prior to the
termination or end of the tenancy, or any other date
agreed to by the parties. The tenant representative
must provide to the landlord an inventory of all the removed property and a signed acknowledgement that
the tenant representative has been given possession 
Information for Tenants Page 15 of 15
and not ownership of the property.
If a tenant representative has made arrangements to
pay rent in advance, the landlord must mail this second notice to any known personal representative, designated person, emergency contact person, or known
successor of the tenant, and to the deceased tenant
at the dwelling unit address. This second notice must
include the name, address, and telephone number
or contact information for the tenant representative
who made arrangements to pay rent in advance, the
amount of rent paid in advance, and date through
which the rent is paid. The notice must include a
statement that the landlord may sell or dispose of the
property on or after the date through which the rent
is paid or at least 45 days after the second notice is
mailed, whichever date comes later, if the tenant representative does not claim or remove the property.
If the landlord places the property in storage, the landlord must mail a second written notice (if this has not
already been done) to any known personal representative, designated person, emergency contact person,
or known successor of the tenant, and to the deceased
tenant at the dwelling unit address. This notice must
include a statement that the landlord may sell or dispose
of the property on or after a specified date that is at least
45 days after the second notice is mailed, if the tenant
representative does not claim and remove the property.
The landlord must turn over possession of the deceased tenant’s property to the tenant representative if
a written request is made in a timely manner. The tenant representative must pay the actual or reasonable
costs, whichever is less, of any moving and storage of
the property, and provide to the landlord an inventory of
all the removed property and a signed acknowledgement that the tenant representative has been given
possession and not ownership of the property.
If a tenant representative does not contact the landlord or remove the deceased person’s property in a
timely manner, the landlord may sell or dispose of
the stored property, except for personal papers and
personal photographs. If the fair market value of the
property is more than $1,000, the landlord must sell
the property in a commercially reasonable manner.
All unsold property must be disposed of in a reasonable manner. If the value of the stored property is less
than $1,000, the landlord must dispose of the property
in a reasonable manner.
The personal papers and photographs that are not
claimed by a tenant representative must be retained
for 90 days after the sale or disposal of the deceased
tenant’s property and must either be destroyed or held
for benefit of any successor of the deceased tenant.
No landlord or an employee of the landlord may acquire, either directly or indirectly, a deceased tenant’s
property that is sold or otherwise disposed of. The
landlord may apply the proceeds of the sale of the
deceased tenant’s property toward any money owed
to the landlord for the actual and reasonable cost of
moving and storing the property, whichever is less. If
there is excess income, it must be held by the landlord for one year. If no claim is made on the excess
income before the expiration of the one year period,
the balance must be deposited with the Washington
State Department of Revenue as abandoned property.
The landlord must refund to the tenant representative
any unearned rent and give a full and specific statement of the basis for retaining any deposit together
with the payment of any refund due to the deceased
tenant within 14 days after the removal of the property
by the tenant representative.
If a landlord knowingly violates these abandonment
provisions, the landlord can be liable to the deceased
tenant’s estate for actual damages. The prevailing
party in any action related to these requirements may
recover costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
RECEIPTS
A landlord must provide a receipt for any payment
made in the form of cash by a tenant. Upon the request of a tenant, a landlord must provide a receipt for
any payment made by the tenant in a form other than
cash. This includes payment for rent, deposits, fees,
parking, storage, or any other costs associated with a
tenancy. See RCW 59.18.063.
COPIES OF DOCUMENTS
If a checklist describing the physical condition of a
rental unit is completed pursuant to RCW 59.18.260
and SMC 7.24.030.C, a copy signed by both the landlord and the tenant must be provided to the tenant.
When there is a written rental agreement for a premises, the landlord must provide a fully executed copy
to each tenant who signs the agreement. A landlord
must provide one free replacement copy of the written
agreement if requested by a tenant during the tenancy. See RCW 59.18.065.
VOTER REGISTRATION INFORMATION
Attached to this publication is information related to
registering to vote, and if already registered, how to
update your address when you move. For more information go to www.kingcounty.gov/depts/elections.

Your Voice Matters!
www.kingcounty.gov/depts/elections
BALLOTS
Vote!
Don’t forget to register to
Welcome home!
There’s a lot to do when moving to a new
home. Updating your voter registration is
one of those important tasks to remember.
Already Registered?
Here are 5 easy ways to update your address:
• If you have a current Washington State driver license or
state ID card, go online!
• Mail the registration form included in this Information
for Tenants packet.
• E-mail elections@kingcounty.gov with your name, date
of birth, old residential and mailing address, and your
new residential and mailing address.
• Call 206-296-VOTE (8683). Services are available in 120
languages.
• Go in-person to King County Elections headquarters in
Renton or the Voter Registration Annex in Seattle.
Need to Register?
There are 3 ways to register to vote:
• If you have a current Washington State driver license or state
ID card, go online!
• Mail the registration form included in this Information for
Tenants packet.
• Go in-person to King County Elections headquarters in Renton
or the Voter Registration Annex in Seattle.
Remember to change your
address at least 29 days before
election day. Check the Voter’s
Calendar.
Fold and seal, or use an envelope
fold in half
Instructions
Use this form to register to vote
or update your current registration.
Print all information clearly using
black or blue pen. Mail this completed
form to your county elections office
(address on back).
Deadline
This registration will be in effect for the
next election if postmarked no later than
the Monday four weeks before Election Day.
Voting
You will receive your ballot in the mail.
Contact your county elections office for
accessible voting options.
Public Information
Your name, address, gender, and date of
birth will be public information.
Notice
Knowingly providing false information
about yourself or your qualifications
for voter registration is a class C felony
punishable by imprisonment for up to
5 years, a fine of up to $10,000, or both.
Public Benefits Offices
If you received this form from a public
benefits office, where you received the
form will remain confidential and will be
used for voter registration purposes only.
Registering or declining to register will
not affect the assistance provided to
you by any public benefits office. If you
decline to register, your decision will
remain confidential.
If you believe someone interfered with
your right to register, or your right to
privacy in deciding whether to register,
you may file a complaint with the
Washington State Elections Division.
Contact Information
If you would like help with this form, contact
the Washington State Elections Division.
web www.vote.wa.gov
call (800) 448-4881
email elections@sos.wa.gov
mail PO Box 40229
 Olympia, WA 98504-0229
last first middle suffix
date of birth (mm/dd/yyyy) gender
residential address in Washington apt #
city ZIP
mailing address, if different
city state and ZIP
phone number (optional) email address (optional)
1 Personal Information
If you answer no, do not complete this form.
 yes no I am a citizen of the United States of America.
 yes no I will be at least 18 years old by the next election.
2 Qualifications
 yes no I am currently serving in the military.
Includes National Guard and Reserves,
and spouses or dependents away from home due to service.
 yes no I live outside the United States.
3 Military / Overseas Status
If you do not have a Washington driver license,
permit, or ID, you may use the last four digits of
your Social Security number to register.
xxx-xx4 Identification — Washington Driver License, Permit, or ID
This information will be used to update your current registration, if applicable.
former last name first middle
former residential address city state and ZIP
5 Change of Name or Address
date
here
sign
here
I declare that the facts on this voter registration form are true. I am a citizen of the United States,
I will have lived at this address in Washington for at least thirty days immediately before the next
election at which I vote, I will be at least 18 years old when I vote, I am not disqualified from voting
due to a court order, and I am not under Department of Corrections supervision for a
Washington felony conviction.
6 Declaration
Washington State Voter Registration Form
Register online at www.myvote.wa.gov.
For official use:
2 / 2016
first class
postage
required
fold in half
fold in half
Please write your county elections office address below:
Adams County
210 W Broadway, Ste 200
Ritzville, WA 99169
(509) 659-3249
Asotin County
PO Box 129
Asotin, WA 99402
(509) 243-2084
Benton County
PO Box 470
Prosser, WA 99350
(509) 736-3085
Chelan County
350 Orondo Ave Ste. 306
Wenatchee, WA 98801-2885
(509) 667-6808
Clallam County
223 E 4th St, Ste 1
Port Angeles, WA 98362
(360) 417-2221
Clark County
PO Box 8815
Vancouver, WA 98666-8815
(360) 397-2345
Columbia County
341 E Main St, Ste 3
Dayton, WA 99328
(509) 382-4541
Cowlitz County
207 4th Ave N, Rm 107
Kelso, WA 98626-4124
(360) 577-3005
Douglas County
PO Box 456
Waterville, WA 98858
(509) 745-8527 ext 6407
Ferry County
350 E Delaware Ave, Ste 2
Republic, WA 99166
(509) 775-5200
Franklin County
PO Box 1451
Pasco, WA 99301
(509) 545-3538
Garfield County
PO Box 278
Pomeroy, WA 99347-0278
(509) 843-1411
Grant County
PO Box 37
Ephrata, WA 98823
(509) 754-2011ext. 2793
Grays Harbor County
100 W Broadway, Ste 2
Montesano, WA 98563
(360) 964-1556
Island County
PO Box 1410
Coupeville, WA 98239
(360) 679-7366
Jefferson County
PO Box 563
Port Townsend, WA 98368-0563
(360) 385-9119
King County
919 SW Grady Way
Renton, WA 98057
(206) 296-8683
Kitsap County
614 Division St, MS 31
Port Orchard, WA 98366
(360) 337-7128
Kittitas County
205 W 5th Ave, Ste 105
Ellensburg, WA 98926-2891
(509) 962-7503
Klickitat County
205 S Columbus, Stop 2
Goldendale, WA 98620
(509) 773-4001
Lewis County
PO Box 29
Chehalis, WA 98532-0029
(360) 740-1278
Lincoln County
PO Box 28
Davenport, WA 99122-0028
(509) 725-4971
Mason County
PO Box 400
Shelton, WA 98584
(360) 427-9670 ext 469
Okanogan County
PO Box 1010
Okanogan, WA 98840-1010
(509) 422-7240
Pacific County
PO Box 97
South Bend, WA 98586-0097
(360) 875-9317
Pend Oreille County
PO Box 5015
Newport, WA 99156
(509) 447-6472
Pierce County
2501 S 35th St, Ste C
Tacoma, WA 98409
(253) 798-VOTE
San Juan County
PO Box 638
Friday Harbor, WA 98250-0638
(360) 378-3357
Skagit County
PO Box 1306
Mount Vernon, WA 98273-1306
(360) 416-1702
Skamania County
PO Box 790, Elections Dept
Stevenson, WA 98648-0790
(509) 427-3730
Snohomish County
3000 Rockefeller Ave, MS 505
Everett, WA 98201-4060
(425) 388-3444
Spokane County
1033 W Gardner Ave
Spokane, WA 99260
(509) 477-2320
Stevens County
215 S Oak St, Rm 106
Colville, WA 99114-2836
(509) 684-7514
Thurston County
2000 Lakeridge Dr SW
Olympia, WA 98502-6090
(360) 786-5408
Wahkiakum County
PO Box 543
Cathlamet, WA 98612
(360) 795-3219
Walla Walla County
PO Box 2176
Walla Walla, WA 99362-0356
(509) 524-2530
Whatcom County
PO Box 369
Bellingham, WA 98227-0369
(360) 778-5102
Whitman County
PO Box 191
Colfax, WA 99111
(509) 397-5284
Yakima County
PO Box 12570
Yakima, WA 98909-2570
(509) 574-1340
WA State Elections Division
PO Box 40229
Olympia, WA 98504-0229
(800) 448-4881
PO Box 40229
Olympia, WA 98504-0229
return address:
PO Box 40229, Olympia, WA 98504-0229